<think>
Okay, let's start by going through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one based on the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria. The first one is living in the US. The patient's description doesn't mention their country of residence, so that's unclear. Next, understanding and writing English. The patient has given written consent, which might imply they can read and write English, but it's not explicitly stated. So maybe unclear again. Access to a computer with email for three years—no info on that, so unclear. Age 18 or older: the patient is 58, so that's met. Seen a doctor for back pain in the past year. The patient's history includes heart issues, diabetes, etc., but there's no mention of back pain or any doctor visits related to that. So that's not met.

Now exclusion criteria. Pregnancy: the patient is male, so irrelevant. Back surgery in the past 6 months: no mention of back surgery, so not violated. Expectation of back surgery in next 6 months: no info, unclear. Back pain from car accident or injury in last 6 months: no mention of such an event, so not violated. Back pain due to systemic disease: the patient has diabetes and hypercholesterolemia, but those aren't listed as causes of back pain. The exclusion mentions systemic diseases like inflammatory rheumatic diseases, tumors, etc. The patient's conditions don't fit here, so not violated. Major physical or mental health condition limiting daily activities: the patient has heart disease, diabetes, etc., but it's not stated if they're currently being treated for something that limits daily activities. So unclear. Terminal illness: no mention, so not violated. Receiving disability or workers comp for back pain: no info, unclear. Legal proceedings related to back pain: no mention, irrelevant. Bladder or bowel control issues from back pain: no info, unclear. No visits to a doctor for back pain in the past year: the patient hasn't had any back pain visits, so that's violated. Numbness in crotch area from back pain: no mention, so not violated. Age under 18: patient is 58, so not violated.

Putting it all together, the key issues are the lack of back pain doctor visits (violated exclusion) and some unclear points. The final decision would be ineligible because the exclusion criterion about no visits for back pain is violated.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Must live in the United States", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's country of residence is not specified in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Must understand and write English", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "While written consent was obtained, explicit confirmation of English literacy is not provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have access to a computer with e-mail and expect to have this access for at least 3 years", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's computer or email access."},
    {"Criterion": "Must be 18 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have seen a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's medical history does not mention back pain or any physician visits related to back pain in the past year."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, and pregnancy is not applicable."},
    {"Criterion": "Back surgery in the past 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of back surgery in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Expectation of having back surgery in the next 6 months", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's expectations for future back surgery."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain due to a car accident or other major injury within the last 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of back pain caused by a car accident or major injury in the last 6 months."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain or sciatica due to systemic disease (inflammatory rheumatic diseases, tumor, or other)", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's conditions (diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) are not explicitly linked to back pain or sciatica in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Major physical or mental health condition for which one is currently being treated that severely limits daily activities", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has significant comorbidities (e.g., coronary artery disease, diabetes), but it is not specified whether these conditions severely limit daily activities."},
    {"Criterion": "Terminal illness", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of a terminal illness in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Receiving disability or workers compensation insurance payments for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's insurance status or compensation related to back pain."},
    {"Criterion": "Presently involved in legal proceedings because of back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention legal proceedings related to back pain or sciatica."},
    {"Criterion": "Difficulty with bladder or bowel control that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding bladder or bowel control issues related to back pain or sciatica."},
    {"Criterion": "No visits to a doctor in the past year for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has not seen a doctor for back pain in the past year, as explicitly stated in the exclusion criteria."},
    {"Criterion": "Numbness in crotch area that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of numbness in the crotch area related to back pain or sciatica."},
    {"Criterion": "Age under 18", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient violates the exclusion criterion regarding no visits to a doctor for back pain in the past year and lacks sufficient data to confirm several inclusion criteria (residence, English literacy, computer access, and back pain history).",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}