<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion and exclusion criteria for the clinical trial. The trial is looking for myopic volunteers aged 20-35 who haven't worn contact lenses. They need to be free of ocular disease, in good physical health, not on systemic meds with ocular side effects. Also, specific corneal curvature, visual acuity, astigmatism, anisometropia, and myopia range.

Now, the patient is 58 years old. The age range for inclusion is 20-35, so he's way over that. That's a clear exclusion. Next, the patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and other cardiovascular issues. He's on metformin, which might have ocular side effects? Wait, the criteria say not taking systemic meds with ocular side effects. Metformin's side effects are usually gastrointestinal, not ocular. But I need to check if the patient is on any such meds. The patient is on metformin, but the trial excludes those on systemic meds with ocular side effects. However, the patient's profile doesn't mention any other medications that affect the eyes. But since he's on metformin, which isn't known for ocular side effects, maybe that's okay. But the main issue is age.

Looking at the inclusion criteria again: age 20-35. The patient is 58, so that's a clear "Not Met" for age. Also, the patient has a history of coronary artery disease, which might be considered a systemic condition. But the trial's exclusion criteria might not mention that. Wait, the exclusion criteria aren't listed here, but the inclusion criteria mention being in good physical health. The patient has multiple severe health issues, so that would likely make him not meet the "good physical health" criterion. Also, the patient has diabetes, which is a systemic condition. The trial excludes those on systemic meds with ocular side effects. But metformin isn't known for that. However, the patient's overall health status is poor, which might disqualify him from being in good physical health.

For the corneal curvature, visual acuity, etc., there's no data provided. The patient's ocular status isn't mentioned. So those would be "Unclear" because the data isn't there. But since the age is already out of range, the patient is not eligible regardless of other factors. Also, the trial is for myopic volunteers, but the patient's refractive error isn't mentioned. So that's another "Unclear" but again, age is the main issue.

Exclusion criteria: The trial's exclusion criteria aren't explicitly listed, but based on the inclusion criteria, the main exclusions would be age, contact lens use, ocular disease, systemic meds with ocular side effects, etc. The patient's age is over 35, so that's a clear exclusion. Also, he has multiple systemic conditions, which might be considered not being in good physical health. However, the exact exclusion criteria aren't provided, so I need to rely on the given criteria. Since the inclusion criteria require being in good physical health, and the patient has severe cardiovascular issues, that would be a "Not Met" for inclusion. But the exclusion criteria might not have that explicitly. Wait, the original criteria don't list exclusion criteria beyond the inclusion ones. The user provided only the inclusion criteria. So the exclusion criteria assessment is based on the inverse of the inclusion criteria. For example, if the inclusion criteria require being free of ocular disease, then having ocular disease would be an exclusion. But the patient's ocular status isn't mentioned, so that's unclear. However, the age is a clear exclusion. So the final decision is Ineligible because the age is outside the range.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Myopic volunteers, ages 20 to 35", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, which is outside the specified age range of 20 to 35."},
    {"Criterion": "Had not worn contact lenses", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's history of contact lens use."},
    {"Criterion": "Free of ocular disease", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is available to confirm or deny the presence of ocular disease."},
    {"Criterion": "In good physical health", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient has a history of recurrent severe myocardial infarctions, diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolemia, and coronary artery disease, indicating poor physical health."},
    {"Criterion": "Not taking systemic medications that could have ocular side effects", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient is taking metformin for diabetes, which is not known to have ocular side effects, but the presence of other systemic conditions and medications (e.g., statins for hypercholesterolemia) may introduce ocular risks not explicitly confirmed in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Corneal curvature between 40.50 and 47.00 D (flatter keratometry reading)", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is provided regarding the patient's corneal curvature."},
    {"Criterion": "Corrected visual acuity of 6/6 (20/20) or better in each eye", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's visual acuity."},
    {"Criterion": "Astigmatism less than 0.75 D", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is available regarding the patient's astigmatism."},
    {"Criterion": "Anisometropia less than 1 D", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided regarding the patient's anisometropia."},
    {"Criterion": "Myopia between 1 and 4 D", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is available regarding the patient's myopia severity."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Not applicable (exclusion criteria not explicitly listed in the provided trial criteria)", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The provided trial criteria only specify inclusion criteria, and no explicit exclusion criteria are listed for evaluation."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is significantly older than the age range specified in the inclusion criteria (58 vs. 20–35 years) and has multiple systemic health conditions that indicate poor physical health, disqualifying them from eligibility. Ocular-related criteria (e.g., corneal curvature, visual acuity, myopia) are not addressed in the patient profile.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}