<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion criteria. The first one is age: men and women aged 18 to 60. The patient is 58 years old, so that's within the range. So that's Met.

Next, body weight must be 130 to 180% of ideal body weight. The patient's weight isn't mentioned anywhere. There's no data on his weight or ideal body weight calculation. So that's Unclear.

Now for exclusion criteria. The criteria provided don't list any specific exclusions beyond the inclusion ones. Wait, the user only provided inclusion criteria in the trial criteria. The exclusion criteria section in the input is empty. So for exclusion criteria, since there are no criteria given, each would be Irrelevant. But the user's instructions say to assess each exclusion criterion. However, in the input, the exclusion criteria section is empty. So maybe the user made a mistake, but according to the input, there are no exclusion criteria provided. Therefore, all exclusion criteria evaluations would be Irrelevant because there are no criteria to assess. 

Wait, the user's input under "Eligibility Criteria" only lists inclusion criteria. The exclusion criteria section in the trial criteria is not provided. So the exclusion criteria assessment would have no criteria to evaluate. Therefore, each exclusion criterion entry would be Irrelevant because there are no criteria given. 

So the final decision: the patient meets the age criterion but the weight is unclear. Since the weight is a required inclusion criterion and it's unclear, the patient can't be confirmed as meeting all inclusion criteria. Therefore, the final decision would be Ineligible because the weight criterion isn't met or confirmed.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {
      "Criterion": "Men and women, ages 18 to 60",
      "Classification": "Met",
      "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old male, which falls within the specified age range of 18 to 60 years."
    },
    {
      "Criterion": "Body weight was 130 to 180 percent of ideal body weight",
      "Classification": "Unclear",
      "Justification": "The patient's body weight or ideal body weight calculation is not provided in the clinical description, making it impossible to verify compliance with this criterion."
    }
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {
      "Criterion": "N/A (No exclusion criteria provided in the trial criteria)",
      "Classification": "Irrelevant",
      "Justification": "No exclusion criteria were specified in the trial criteria to assess."
    }
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age inclusion criterion but lacks data to confirm body weight eligibility. No exclusion criteria were provided.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}