<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants to assess if the patient is eligible for a clinical trial. The trial's inclusion criteria are infants (boys and girls) from birth to 3 years old, whose mothers were hepatitis B surface antigen carriers.

First, looking at the patient's age: the patient is 58 years old. The trial is for infants up to 3 years. So the age is way off. That's a clear exclusion. 

Next, the inclusion criteria mention the mother being a hepatitis B carrier. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about the mother's hepatitis B status. The patient's own medical history includes things like myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, etc., but nothing about the mother's health. So that's missing data. But since the trial requires the mother to be a carrier, and there's no info on that, it's unclear. However, the patient's age already makes them not meet the inclusion criteria regardless of other factors.

For exclusion criteria, the trial doesn't list any specific exclusions beyond the inclusion criteria. But the patient's age is outside the target population, so even if other factors were met, the age would exclude them. 

So, the inclusion criteria: the patient's age is not met. The mother's HBsAg status is unclear. But since the age is not met, the patient is not eligible. The exclusion criteria here are not provided, but the age is a key exclusion. So the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {
      "Criterion": "Boy and girl infants, birth to 3 years, born to mothers who were hepatitis B surface antigen carriers.",
      "Classification": "Not Met",
      "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old male, which explicitly contradicts the age requirement of birth to 3 years."
    }
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {
      "Criterion": "N/A",
      "Classification": "Irrelevant",
      "Justification": "No exclusion criteria were provided in the trial description."
    }
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient's age (58 years) directly violates the inclusion criterion of birth to 3 years. No data on maternal hepatitis B status exists, but age disqualifies regardless.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}