<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. The trial is looking for infants, specifically boys and girls, who are between birth and 3 years old. And these infants need to be born to mothers who were hepatitis B surface antigen carriers. So, let's break this down.

First, the age. The patient is 58 years old. That's way past the 3-year mark. So, this criterion is definitely not met. The patient is way too old for this trial.

Next, the gender. The trial is open to both boys and girls, but since the patient is male, this criterion is met. It's not a problem here.

Now, let's think about the birth condition. The trial requires that the infants be born to mothers who were hepatitis B surface antigen carriers. But wait, there's no information about the patient's mother or her hepatitis B status. So, we can't say for sure if this criterion is met or not. It's unclear.

Okay, let's move on to the exclusion criteria. The trial doesn't mention any specific exclusion criteria, so we don't have anything to check against here. That's a relief.

So, putting it all together, the patient doesn't meet the age requirement, which is a big deal. The gender is fine, but the birth condition is unclear because we don't have enough info about the mother. Since the age criterion is a deal-breaker, the patient can't join the trial.

In conclusion, the patient is ineligible for the trial because they're way too old. The gender is okay, but the birth condition is a mystery. Without meeting the age requirement, there's no point in considering the other factors. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Boy and girl infants, birth to 3 years, born to mothers who were hepatitis B surface antigen carriers.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which is far beyond the 3-year age limit specified for the trial."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "No specific exclusion criteria provided.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The trial does not list any exclusion criteria to evaluate against the patient's data."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is ineligible for the trial due to not meeting the age requirement. The gender criterion is met, but the birth condition is unclear due to lack of information about the mother's hepatitis B status.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}