<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he's a man between 35 and 57 years old. The patient is a 58-year-old male, so he's just a year over the age limit. That's a bit of a problem right there. 

Next, we need to look at the risk factors. The trial requires one or more of these: hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or smoking. The patient has hypercholesterolemia, which is a big plus. He also has a history of smoking, but he quit 13 years ago, so that's not really a current risk factor. 

Now, let's see if he's free from coronary heart disease. The patient has a history of severe myocardial infarctions and coronary artery disease, which is a major issue. This definitely disqualifies him from the trial. 

So, to sum it up, the patient is slightly too old, has hypercholesterolemia, and unfortunately, he has coronary heart disease. The age and heart disease are the main issues here. 

Based on all this, the patient is not eligible for the trial. The coronary heart disease is a clear exclusion, and the age is just over the limit. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men, ages 35-57", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which is outside the specified age range of 35-57."},
    {"Criterion": "One or more of three risk factors--hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and cigarette smoking", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient has hypercholesterolemia, which is one of the required risk factors."},
    {"Criterion": "Free from coronary heart disease", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient has a history of severe myocardial infarctions and coronary artery disease, which disqualifies him from the trial."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Free from coronary heart disease", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a documented history of coronary heart disease, which is a clear violation of the exclusion criteria."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is slightly over the age limit and has coronary heart disease, which disqualifies him from the trial. He does meet the risk factor criterion with hypercholesterolemia.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}