<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, the trial is looking for infants, specifically boys and girls who weigh less than 2000 grams. Hmm, this patient is a 58-year-old male. That's a big difference from an infant. So, this criterion is definitely not met. 

Next, the trial needs these infants to have required mechanical ventilation within 24 hours of birth. But again, this patient is an adult, so this doesn't apply at all. It's irrelevant for him. 

Then, there's the part about having been treated with conventional mechanical ventilation for less than 12 hours before randomization. This is another infant-specific requirement. Since our patient is not an infant, this is also irrelevant. 

Now, let's think about the exclusion criteria. The trial doesn't want anyone who's had a myocardial infarction. This patient has had several severe ones, starting at age 55. So, this criterion is definitely violated. 

Also, the trial excludes anyone with diabetes. Our patient has type 2 diabetes, which is being managed with metformin. So, this criterion is violated too. 

There's also an exclusion for hypercholesterolemia. Our patient has high LDL levels, even with lifestyle changes. This criterion is violated as well. 

Oh, and the trial excludes anyone with a history of smoking. This patient has a 20-year history of smoking, although he quit at age 45. But since he smoked for 20 years, this criterion is violated. 

Finally, the trial excludes anyone with a history of coronary artery disease. Our patient has Stage III coronary artery disease with multivessel involvement. So, this criterion is violated too. 

In summary, this patient doesn't meet any of the inclusion criteria because he's not an infant. Plus, he violates several exclusion criteria, like having had myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, a smoking history, and coronary artery disease. 

So, it's clear that this patient is not eligible for the clinical trial. <think>
```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Boy and girl infants weighing less than 2000 g.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old male, not an infant."},
    {"Criterion": "Infants who required mechanical ventilation within 24 hours of birth.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is an adult, so this criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "Infants who had been treated for less than 12 hours with conventional mechanical ventilation before randomization.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is an adult, so this criterion does not apply."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "History of myocardial infarction.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a documented history of recurrent severe myocardial infarctions."},
    {"Criterion": "Diabetes mellitus.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has type 2 diabetes, managed with metformin."},
    {"Criterion": "Hypercholesterolemia.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has high LDL levels, exceeding 190 mg/dL."},
    {"Criterion": "History of smoking.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a 20-year history of smoking, despite quitting at age 45."},
    {"Criterion": "History of coronary artery disease.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has Stage III coronary artery disease with multivessel involvement."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient does not meet any of the inclusion criteria as he is not an infant. Additionally, he violates several exclusion criteria, including having had myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, a history of smoking, and coronary artery disease.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}
```