<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he meets the age requirement. The trial is for people 50 and older, and he's 58, so he's definitely in the right age range. That's a clear 'Met' for the age criterion.

Next, we need to look at his blood pressure. The trial needs isolated systolic hypertension, which means his systolic pressure should be over 150 mm Hg and diastolic under 90 mm Hg. Unfortunately, the patient's blood pressure details aren't provided, so we can't say for sure if he meets this criterion. It's 'Unclear' for now.

Now, let's check if he has left ventricular hypertrophy. The trial excludes people with LVH, and it's determined by an echocardiogram showing a wall thickness of less than 1.2 cm. The patient's records don't mention LVH, so we can't confirm if he has it or not. This one is also 'Unclear.'

The patient needs to be able to give informed consent. The description says he has already provided written consent, so he's good to go on this one. That's a 'Met' for the consent criterion.

Moving on to the exclusion criteria, we start with age. He's 58, so he's not excluded based on age. That's a 'Not Violated' for the age exclusion.

Next, we need to see if he's been on any antihypertensive therapy recently. The patient's records don't mention any antihypertensive medications, so we can't say for sure if he's violated this criterion. It's 'Unclear.'

His HbA1c levels are between 6.5% and 7.2%, which is below the 9% threshold. So, he's not excluded based on HbA1c. That's a 'Not Violated' for the HbA1c exclusion.

The patient's serum creatinine levels aren't mentioned, so we can't determine if he's excluded based on that. It's 'Unclear' for the creatinine exclusion.

He has a history of myocardial infarctions, which is a big deal. The trial excludes anyone with a history of myocardial infarction within 6 months of entry. Since his last event was at age 55, and he's now 58, he's not excluded based on this criterion. That's a 'Not Violated' for the myocardial infarction exclusion.

The patient's ECG details aren't provided, so we can't say if he's excluded based on ECG abnormalities. It's 'Unclear' for the ECG exclusion.

His liver function tests show mild elevations, but we don't know if they exceed 2 times the upper limit. So, it's 'Unclear' for the liver function exclusion.

The patient doesn't use systemic or inhaled corticosteroids, so he's not excluded based on that. That's a 'Not Violated' for the corticosteroid exclusion.

There's no mention of any other conditions that might prevent him from completing the trial, so it's 'Unclear' for this exclusion.

He hasn't used any investigational drugs recently, so he's not excluded based on that. That's a 'Not Violated' for the investigational drug exclusion.

The patient isn't known to be seropositive for HIV or hepatitis, so he's not excluded based on that. That's a 'Not Violated' for the seropositivity exclusion.

He's not pregnant or breastfeeding, so he's not excluded based on that. That's a 'Not Violated' for the pregnancy exclusion.

There's no mention of a positive drug screen, so it's 'Unclear' for this exclusion.

Finally, there's no mention of him needing to use tobacco, nicotine, caffeine, or alcohol, so it's 'Unclear' for this exclusion.

In summary, the patient meets the age and consent criteria, but we're missing information on blood pressure, LVH, antihypertensive therapy, creatinine levels, ECG, liver function, and drug use. He's not excluded based on age, HbA1c, myocardial infarction, corticosteroids, investigational drugs, seropositivity, or pregnancy. Overall, he's likely ineligible due to his history of myocardial infarctions, but we need more information to be sure. <think>
```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men or women at least 50 years of age.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which meets the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Screening diagnosis of isolated systolic hypertension, defined as systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements) and systolic blood pressure >140 mm Hg (measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring-mean daytime values).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's blood pressure details are not provided, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Baseline systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's blood pressure details are not provided, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients without left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) as determined by limited echocardiography for LVH (i.e., wall thickness < 1.2 cm).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's records do not mention LVH, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient can complete an informed consent.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient has provided written informed consent."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patient <50 years of age.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, so he is not excluded based on age."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients on antihypertensive therapy with changes in dose in the last 1 month prior to the entry into the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's records do not mention antihypertensive medications, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Hb A1c > 9%.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's HbA1c levels are between 6.5% and 7.2%, which is below the 9% threshold."},
    {"Criterion": "Serum creatinine > 1.7mg/dL.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's serum creatinine levels are not mentioned, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "History of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes within the last 2 years.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's diabetes is managed with metformin, and there is no mention of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes."},
    {"Criterion": "History of congestive heart failure.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of congestive heart failure in the patient's records."},
    {"Criterion": "History of stroke, or any sequelae of a transient ischemic attack, reversible ischemic neurologic defect, or stroke, within the last 12 months.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of a history of stroke or related conditions in the patient's records."},
    {"Criterion": "History of acute myocardial infarction within 6 months prior to entry into the study.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's last myocardial infarction was at age 55, and he is now 58, so he is not excluded based on this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Any significant ECG abnormalities, including second degree AV-block or complete AV-block. Any known significant arrhythmia including atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, WPW-syndrome. Any hemodynamically significant valvular heart disease.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's ECG details are not provided, so it cannot be determined if he meets this criterion."},
    {"Criterion": "Any significant systemic illnesses or medical condition that could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of any significant systemic illnesses or medical conditions that could affect compliance."},
    {"Criterion": "Screening or Baseline liver function tests SGOT and/or SGPT > 2.0 times the upper limits of central laboratory normal range.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's liver function tests show mild elevations, but it is not specified if they exceed 2 times the upper limit."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of systemic and/or inhaled corticosteroids (excluding topical corticosteroids).", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient does not use systemic or inhaled corticosteroids."},
    {"Criterion": "Any additional condition(s), which in the investigator's opinion would prohibit the patient from completing the study, or not be in the best interest of the patient.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of any additional conditions that would prohibit the patient from completing the study."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of any investigational drugs within 30 days prior to screening.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient has not used any investigational drugs recently."},
    {"Criterion": "Previous exposure to ALT-711.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of previous exposure to ALT-711 in the patient's records."},
    {"Criterion": "Known seropositivity for HIV or hepatitis C, or presence of hepatitis B surface antigen.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is not known to be seropositive for HIV or hepatitis C, or to have hepatitis B surface antigen."},
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy or active breast-feeding. Female patients of childbearing potential (not postmenopausal for at least 5 years or surgically sterilized) must agree not to become pregnant during the duration of the study.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "Positive drug screen.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of a positive drug screen in the patient's records."},
    {"Criterion": "Necessity to use tobacco or nicotine-containing products, or to consume caffeine- containing beverages and/or food, and/or alcohol after midnight prior to clinic visit days, until after any evaluations.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of the patient's use of tobacco, nicotine, caffeine, or alcohol in the records."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age and consent criteria but lacks sufficient information on blood pressure, LVH, antihypertensive therapy, creatinine levels, ECG, liver function, and drug use. He is not excluded based on age, HbA1c, myocardial infarction, corticosteroids, investigational drugs, seropositivity, or pregnancy.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}
```