<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he's 18 or older. The patient is 58, so he's definitely old enough. That's a clear 'Met' for the age criterion.

Next, we need to see if he has a history of uveitis. Hmm, the patient's history mentions a lot of heart issues, diabetes, and cholesterol problems, but nothing about uveitis. So, I can't say for sure if he has it or not. That's 'Unclear' for the uveitis history.

Now, let's think about the eye condition. The trial requires the eye to be free of active inflammation for at least 3 months before surgery. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about his eyes or any eye surgeries. So, I can't determine if this criterion is met or not. That's 'Unclear' for the eye inflammation status.

Moving on to the exclusion criteria. The first one is corneal pathology or hazy media that would make it hard to evaluate the intraocular lens. Again, there's no mention of any eye issues in the patient's history. So, I can't say if this is violated or not. That's 'Unclear' for the corneal pathology.

Next, we have uncontrolled glaucoma. The patient's description doesn't mention glaucoma at all. So, I can't say if this is violated or not. That's 'Unclear' for the glaucoma.

Then there's diabetes mellitus. The patient has type 2 diabetes, which is explicitly mentioned. So, this criterion is definitely 'Violated.'

The next exclusion is about being monocular or not being able to be followed for a year. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about his vision or follow-up ability. So, I can't say if this is violated or not. That's 'Unclear' for the monocular status and follow-up.

Alright, let's wrap this up. The patient is definitely old enough, but we don't know about his uveitis history or eye condition. He definitely has diabetes, which is a deal-breaker for the trial. So, overall, he's 'Ineligible' for the trial because of the diabetes. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Women and men 18 years or older", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Documented history of uveitis", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention uveitis, so it's unclear if this criterion is met."},
    {"Criterion": "Eye free of active inflammation for at least 3 months before surgery", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information about the patient's eye condition or any eye surgeries, making it unclear if this criterion is met."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Corneal pathology or hazy media that preclude evaluation of the intraocular lens", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention any eye issues, so it's unclear if this criterion is violated."},
    {"Criterion": "Uncontrolled glaucoma", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention glaucoma, so it's unclear if this criterion is violated."},
    {"Criterion": "Diabetes mellitus", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has type 2 diabetes, which is explicitly mentioned in the history."},
    {"Criterion": "Monocular patients and patients who cannot be followed for at least 1 year", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention anything about vision or follow-up ability, making it unclear if this criterion is violated."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is 58 years old, meeting the age requirement. However, there is no information on uveitis history or eye condition, making those criteria unclear. The patient has type 2 diabetes, which violates the exclusion criteria for diabetes mellitus.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}