<think> Alright, let's see if this patient fits the clinical trial criteria. First, the trial is looking for men and women who are smokers and between 35 and 60 years old. So, let's break this down.

The patient is a 58-year-old male. That's within the age range, so that's a good start. Now, about the smoking part. The patient has a 20-year history of smoking, which is quite a bit. But here's the catch: he quit smoking at age 45. So, technically, he's not a current smoker. Hmm, that's a bit tricky because the trial wants smokers, but it doesn't say anything about needing them to be current smokers. Let's keep that in mind.

Now, let's think about the exclusion criteria. The trial doesn't mention any specific exclusions, so we don't have anything to worry about there. That's a relief.

Okay, so let's recap. The patient is definitely within the age range, and he has a history of smoking, but he's not currently smoking. The trial doesn't specify if they need current smokers, so that's a bit of a gray area. But since he's not currently smoking, it might be a problem.

In the end, it seems like the patient doesn't fully meet the smoking criterion because he's not a current smoker. So, I'd say he's likely ineligible for the trial. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women who were cigarette smokers and between the ages of 35 and 60.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old male, which meets the age criterion. However, he quit smoking at age 45, so he is not a current smoker, which does not meet the smoking criterion as required by the trial."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "No specific exclusion criteria provided.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The trial does not specify any exclusion criteria, so there are no criteria to evaluate for exclusion."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is within the age range but is not a current smoker, which is a key requirement for the trial. There are no exclusion criteria to consider.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}