<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if they're at least 12 years old. The patient is 58, so that's a no-brainer—they're definitely over 12. Next, we need to see if they have an irregular cornea. Hmm, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about their cornea, so I can't say for sure if they have an irregular one. Moving on, we need to check for Vogt's striae, Fleischer's ring, or corneal scarring. Again, there's nothing in the description about these specific eye conditions, so I can't confirm or deny this either. Now, let's see if they plan to stay in the area for at least 3 years. The description doesn't mention anything about their plans to stay or move, so I can't make a call on this one either.

Now, let's look at the exclusion criteria. First, we need to see if they've had bilateral corneal transplants. The description doesn't mention any corneal transplants, so I can't say they've had them. Next, we need to check for bilateral nonkeratoconic eye diseases like cataracts, intraocular lenses, macular disease, or optic nerve disease. Again, there's nothing in the description about these eye conditions, so I can't say they have them. 

So, what's the bottom line? The patient definitely meets the age requirement, but I can't say for sure about the corneal irregularities or the eye conditions like Vogt's striae or Fleischer's ring. And I don't know if they plan to stay in the area for 3 years. As for the exclusion criteria, there's no mention of bilateral corneal transplants or nonkeratoconic eye diseases, so I can't say they're excluded on those grounds either. 

Overall, it seems like the patient might be eligible, but there are some key pieces of information missing. Without knowing more about their corneal condition and their plans to stay in the area, I can't make a definitive call. But based on what we do know, they don't seem to be excluded, so they might be eligible. <think>
```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "At least 12 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which clearly satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Irregular cornea as determined by keratometry, retinoscopy, or direct ophthalmoscopy in at least one eye", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not provide any information about the condition of their cornea."},
    {"Criterion": "Vogt's striae, Fleischer's ring, or corneal scarring characteristic of keratoconus in at least one eye", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of Vogt's striae, Fleischer's ring, or corneal scarring in the patient's description."},
    {"Criterion": "Planned to stay in the area for at least 3 years", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not include any information about their plans to stay in the area."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Bilateral corneal transplants", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of corneal transplants in the patient's description."},
    {"Criterion": "Bilateral nonkeratoconic eye disease (cataract, intraocular lenses, macular disease, or optic nerve disease other than glaucoma)", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention any bilateral nonkeratoconic eye diseases."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement but lacks information on corneal irregularities, specific eye conditions, and plans to stay in the area. There is no evidence of exclusion criteria being violated.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Eligible (leaning toward inclusion)"
}
```