<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he meets the age requirement. The trial is for people 10 years or older, and he's 58, so he's definitely old enough. That's a clear 'Met' for the age criterion.

Next, we need to look at the corneal stroma vascularization or history of allograft rejection. Hmm, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about his eyes or corneal issues. So, I can't say for sure if he meets this criterion. It's 'Unclear' because we just don't have that information.

Now, let's see if he's willing to participate in 3 years of follow-up. The patient has given written informed consent, which usually means he's okay with the follow-up. So, I'll mark this as 'Met' since he's agreed to participate.

Moving on to the exclusion criteria. The trial doesn't want anyone with conditions that could increase the risk of graft failure, like xerophthalmia or severe exposure keratopathy. Again, there's no mention of these eye conditions in the patient's description, so it's 'Irrelevant' for him.

The trial also excludes people with systemic diseases or medications that might affect their immune response. The patient has diabetes, which is a systemic disease, and he's on metformin. Diabetes can affect the immune system, so this is a bit tricky. I'll mark this as 'Violated' because diabetes could potentially alter his immune response.

Finally, let's recap. The patient meets the age and follow-up criteria, but it's unclear about the corneal issues. He's excluded due to his diabetes, which could affect his immune response. So, overall, he's 'Ineligible' for the trial because of the diabetes issue. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Males and females age 10 years or older", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "With two to four quadrants of corneal stroma vascularization or a history of allograft rejection in the eye", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention any corneal issues or history of allograft rejection."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients must have been willing to participate in 3 years of followup", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient has given written informed consent, indicating willingness to participate in the follow-up."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "No one was eligible for the CCTS who had a condition that would greatly increase the risk of nonrejection graft failure, such as xerophthalmia or severe exposure keratopathy", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention any eye conditions like xerophthalmia or severe exposure keratopathy."},
    {"Criterion": "Also excluded were patients with systemic diseases or with medication usage that might alter their immune response", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has diabetes, a systemic disease, and is on metformin, which could potentially affect his immune response."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age and follow-up criteria but is excluded due to diabetes, which could affect his immune response.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}