<think> Alright, let's dive into this. We need to figure out if this patient can join the clinical trial. First up, the patient's age. The trial says they need to be at least 21. The patient is 58, so that's a big checkmark for age. Next, we need to see if they have the right kind of myopia. The trial is looking for people with 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia, and they need to be able to see 20/20 or better with glasses or contacts. Hmm, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about their vision or myopia. So, we can't say for sure if they meet this criterion. Moving on, the patient needs to live in the metropolitan area of the study centers. The description doesn't say where they live, so we can't confirm this either. Now, let's talk about the surgery part. The trial requires patients to agree to have surgery on one eye and wait a year for the other. The patient has given written informed consent, which is a good sign, but it doesn't specifically mention eye surgery. So, we can't be certain about this one either.

Now, let's look at the exclusion criteria. The trial excludes people with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing. The patient has a history of severe heart issues, diabetes, and high cholesterol. These are serious conditions, but they don't directly mention anything about corneal healing. So, we can't say for sure if they're excluded based on this. The trial also excludes people with high corneal astigmatism. Again, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about their corneal astigmatism, so we can't make a call here either.

So, what's the bottom line? The patient is definitely over 21, which is great. But we're missing some key pieces of information about their vision, where they live, and their agreement to the specific surgery requirements. Plus, we can't be sure about the exclusion criteria either. Overall, it seems like we don't have enough information to make a clear decision. The patient might be eligible, but we're leaning towards them being ineligible because of all these unknowns. <think>
```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "All men and women had 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia and were correctable to 20/20 or better with glasses or contact lenses.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention any details about their vision or myopia."},
    {"Criterion": "All patients had the stability of their myopia documented by previous records.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information provided about the stability of the patient's myopia."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients were at least 21 years of age and lived in the metropolitan area of the study centers.", "Classification": "Met | Unclear", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, meeting the age requirement. However, there is no information about their place of residence."},
    {"Criterion": "Each patient agreed to have surgery on one eye and to wait 1 year for surgery on the other eye.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "While the patient has given written informed consent, it does not specifically mention agreement to the eye surgery requirements."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing were excluded from the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has several systemic conditions, but there is no direct information on how these might affect corneal wound healing."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients with high corneal astigmatism were excluded from the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention any details about their corneal astigmatism."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement but lacks information on vision, residence, and specific surgery agreement. Exclusion criteria are unclear due to missing details on corneal healing and astigmatism.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Ineligible (leaning toward exclusion)"
}
```