<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he lives in the United States. The description doesn't say anything about where he lives, so I can't be sure about that. I'll mark it as unclear for now.

Next, does he understand and write English? Hmm, there's no mention of his language skills in the description. So, I can't really say for sure if he meets this criterion. I'll mark it as unclear too.

Now, about having access to a computer with email for at least 3 years. The description doesn't talk about his access to technology at all. So, I can't determine if he meets this requirement. I'll mark it as unclear.

Let's check his age. He's 58 years old, and the trial requires participants to be at least 18. So, he definitely meets this age criterion. I'll mark it as met.

Okay, now we need to see if he's seen a doctor for back pain in the past year. The description doesn't mention anything about back pain or doctor visits for it. So, I can't say if he meets this criterion. I'll mark it as unclear.

Moving on to the exclusion criteria. Is he pregnant? Well, he's a male, so he can't be pregnant. I'll mark this as not violated.

Has he had back surgery in the past 6 months? The description doesn't mention any back surgery, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Does he expect to have back surgery in the next 6 months? Again, there's no mention of any upcoming surgery, so I'll mark this as not violated.

What about back pain due to a car accident or major injury in the last 6 months? The description doesn't mention any such incidents, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Is his back pain or sciatica due to a systemic disease? The description talks about his heart and diabetes, but not about back pain or sciatica being caused by these conditions. I'll mark this as not violated.

Does he have a major physical or mental health condition that limits his daily activities? He has a history of heart issues and diabetes, but the description doesn't say if these severely limit his daily activities. I'll mark this as unclear.

Is he terminally ill? The description doesn't mention anything about terminal illness, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Is he receiving disability or workers' compensation for back pain or sciatica? There's no mention of this in the description, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Is he involved in legal proceedings because of back pain or sciatica? The description doesn't mention any legal issues, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Does he have difficulty with bladder or bowel control that began with back pain or sciatica? The description doesn't mention any such issues, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Has he not visited a doctor for back pain or sciatica in the past year? The description doesn't mention any doctor visits for back pain, so I'll mark this as unclear.

Does he have numbness in the crotch area that began with back pain or sciatica? The description doesn't mention any numbness, so I'll mark this as not violated.

Finally, is he under 18? He's 58, so he's definitely not under 18. I'll mark this as not violated.

So, in summary, he meets the age criterion, but there are a lot of unclears because the description doesn't provide enough information about his location, language skills, access to technology, and back pain history. I'm leaning towards him being likely ineligible because of these uncertainties. <think>
```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Must live in the United States", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's location is not specified in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Must understand and write English", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information about the patient's language skills in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have access to a computer with e-mail and expect to have this access for at least 3 years", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's access to technology is not mentioned in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Must be 18 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have seen a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of the patient having seen a doctor for back pain in the past year in the provided data."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is male, so pregnancy is not applicable."},
    {"Criterion": "Back surgery in the past 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of back surgery in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Expectation of having back surgery in the next 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of any upcoming back surgery in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain due to a car accident or other major injury within the last 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of back pain due to a car accident or major injury in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain or sciatica due to systemic disease", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's heart and diabetes conditions are not mentioned as causes of back pain or sciatica in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Major physical or mental health condition that severely limits daily activities", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's heart and diabetes conditions are mentioned, but it is unclear if they severely limit daily activities."},
    {"Criterion": "Terminal illness", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of terminal illness in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Receiving disability or workers compensation insurance payments for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of receiving such payments in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Presently involved in legal proceedings because of back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of legal proceedings in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Difficulty with bladder or bowel control that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of such difficulties in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "No visits to a doctor in the past year for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no mention of doctor visits for back pain or sciatica in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Numbness in crotch area that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no mention of numbness in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Age under 18", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which is above the age requirement."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age criterion but has several unclear factors due to missing information about location, language skills, access to technology, and back pain history.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Ineligible"
}
```