<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, the trial is looking for men at high risk for hepatitis B. The patient is a 58-year-old male, so he's definitely a man, but he's older than the 36-year age limit. That's a no-go right there. 

Next, the trial wants no recent symptoms of hepatitis. The patient's history doesn't mention any recent symptoms, so that's a good sign. But, wait, there's more to check. 

The trial also requires a blood test negative for HBsAg, anti-HBs, and anti-HBe. The patient's description doesn't mention any of these tests, so I can't say for sure if he's negative. That's a bit of a gray area. 

Now, let's think about the exclusion criteria. The trial doesn't want anyone with recent hepatitis symptoms, and since the patient doesn't have any, he's not violating this one. 

But, there's another exclusion criterion about age. The patient is 58, and the trial is only for those 36 or younger. So, he's definitely not eligible based on age. 

In summary, the patient is ineligible because he's over the age limit. The lack of recent hepatitis symptoms is good, but the age is a deal-breaker. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men at high risk for hepatitis B virus infection", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is a male, which satisfies the gender requirement for the trial."},
    {"Criterion": "36 years of age or younger", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which exceeds the age limit of 36 years."},
    {"Criterion": "No recent symptoms of hepatitis", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention any recent symptoms of hepatitis."},
    {"Criterion": "Blood specimen negative for HBsAg, anti-HBs, and anti-HBe", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not provide information on these specific blood test results."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Recent symptoms of hepatitis", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient does not have any recent symptoms of hepatitis."},
    {"Criterion": "Age limit of 36 years or younger", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which violates the age criterion of the trial."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is ineligible for the clinical trial primarily due to exceeding the age limit of 36 years. While he meets the gender requirement and has no recent hepatitis symptoms, the lack of information on specific blood tests and the age violation are key factors.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}