<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he's in the right age range. The trial is looking for people between 25 and 49 years old. But this guy is 58. That's way over the limit. So, he doesn't meet the age requirement. 

Next, let's look at his blood pressure. The trial needs diastolic blood pressure between 78 and 89 mm Hg. Unfortunately, we don't have any blood pressure numbers for him. So, we can't say for sure if he fits this criterion. 

Now, about major diseases. The trial wants people who are free of major diseases. This patient has a history of severe heart attacks, diabetes, and high cholesterol. That's a lot of major health issues. So, he definitely doesn't meet this criterion. 

Let's check if he's on any special diets or medications. The trial requires participants not to be on any special diets or antihypertensive meds at entry. He's on metformin for diabetes, but that's not an antihypertensive medication. So, he's not on any special diet or antihypertensive meds, which is good. 

Finally, the trial allows some mild to moderately obese subjects. We don't have any information about his weight or BMI, so we can't say if he's obese or not. 

So, putting it all together, he's definitely not eligible because he's too old and has too many major health issues. The lack of blood pressure data and weight information doesn't change that. He's out of the running for this trial. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women, ages 25 to 49.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which is outside the required age range of 25 to 49."},
    {"Criterion": "Diastolic blood pressure between 78 and 89 mm Hg.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information provided about the patient's diastolic blood pressure."},
    {"Criterion": "Free of major disease.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient has a history of severe myocardial infarctions, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, which are considered major diseases."},
    {"Criterion": "Not on a special diet or antihypertensive medication at entry.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is on metformin for diabetes, which is not an antihypertensive medication, and there is no mention of a special diet."},
    {"Criterion": "Some mild to moderately obese subjects.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information provided about the patient's weight or BMI to determine if he is obese."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women, ages 25 to 49.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which is outside the required age range of 25 to 49."},
    {"Criterion": "Free of major disease.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a history of severe myocardial infarctions, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, which are considered major diseases."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is ineligible for the clinical trial due to being outside the required age range and having multiple major health issues.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}