<think>
Okay, let's start by going through the inclusion and exclusion criteria one by one based on the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria: All patients must have 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia correctable to 20/20 with glasses or contacts. The patient's description doesn't mention any vision issues or refractive errors. So, this is unclear because there's no data on myopia. 

Next, stability of myopia documented by previous records. Again, the patient's info doesn't talk about eye health or previous records related to myopia. So this is also unclear.

Age must be at least 21. The patient is 58, so that's met.

Lived in the metropolitan area of study centers. The patient's description doesn't mention residence, so this is unclear.

Agreed to surgery on one eye and wait 1 year for the other. The patient has no mention of eye surgery or any eye-related procedures. So this is unclear.

Now the exclusion criteria: Patients with systemic diseases affecting corneal healing. The patient has a complex cardiac history, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and other conditions. These could affect corneal healing, so this is violated.

High corneal astigmatism excluded. No data on astigmatism, so unclear.

Other exclusions? The criteria mention excluding those with systemic diseases affecting corneal wound healing. Since the patient has multiple systemic issues, that's a violation.

So, for inclusion criteria, most are unclear because there's no data on vision, age (though age is met), residence, and surgery agreement. For exclusions, the patient has systemic diseases that could affect corneal healing, so that's violated. Also, the exclusion of high astigmatism is unclear.

The recap would note that the patient's age is met, but other inclusion criteria are unclear. Exclusions include systemic diseases affecting corneal healing, which is violated. The final decision would be ineligible because of the exclusion criteria.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "All men and women had 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia and were correctable to 20/20 or better with glasses or contact lenses.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No patient data on refractive error, vision acuity, or corrective measures is provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "All patients had the stability of their myopia documented by previous records.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No patient data on myopia stability or prior ophthalmological records is provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients were at least 21 years of age and lived in the metropolitan area of the study centers.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, but residence in a metropolitan area is not specified; however, age is met."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Each patient agreed to have surgery on one eye and to wait 1 year for surgery on the other eye.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No patient data on eye surgery agreements or plans is provided."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing were excluded.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "Patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, coronary artery disease, and ischemic cardiomyopathy, all of which could impair corneal healing."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients with high corneal astigmatism were excluded.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No patient data on corneal astigmatism is provided."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (meets age requirement), but no data on myopia, vision stability, or eye surgery agreement. Excluded due to systemic diseases affecting corneal healing.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}