```json
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patient who submitted a written informed consent for this trial, and 18 ~ 90 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient has provided written informed consent, and there is no information suggesting the patient is outside the age range of 18 to 90 years."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who have naïve ampulla (no previous procedure was performed at ampulla)", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information provided about any previous procedures performed at the ampulla."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who is suspected to have biliary obstruction or biliary disease", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's medical records do not mention any suspicion of biliary obstruction or biliary disease."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who is needed to have endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for treatment of biliary obstruction", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information indicating that the patient requires endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for biliary obstruction treatment."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who have risks of post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis among bellows (at least one more); 1. suspected biliary sphincter of Oddi dysfunction 2. young age (18~50 years) 3. female 4. normal common bile duct diameter (≤9mm) 5. normal serum bilirubin level 6. Obesity (body mass index > 30) 7. Past history of acute pancreatitis", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is obese, which is one of the risk factors listed for post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patient who is below 18 year old", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information suggesting the patient is below 18 years old."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who is pregnant", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is male, so pregnancy is not applicable."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient with mental retardation", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information indicating the patient has mental retardation."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient is sensitive to contrast agents", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information about sensitivity to contrast agents."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who received sphincterotomy or pancreatobiliary operation previously", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "There is no information provided about any previous sphincterotomy or pancreatobiliary operations."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who have ampulla of Vater cancer", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information indicating the patient has ampulla of Vater cancer."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who have difficulty for approach to ampulla due to abdominal surgery including stomach cancer with Billroth II anastomosis", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information about any abdominal surgeries or conditions that would make approaching the ampulla difficult."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient who have pancreatic diseases as bellow (at least one more); 1. Patient who have acute pancreatitis within 30days before enrollment 2. Patient who have idiopathic acute recurrent pancreatitis 3. Patient who have pancreatic divisum 4. Patient who have obstructive chronic pancreatitis 5. Patient who pancreatic cancer", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information indicating the patient has any of the listed pancreatic diseases."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients who have improper ampulla shape as bellows; 1. Small ampulla (ampulla without oral protrusion) 2. Flat or crooked or asymmetric ampulla 3. Ampulla with peri-ampullary diverticulum type I or II", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "There is no information about the shape of the patient's ampulla."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the inclusion criteria of having written informed consent and being obese, which is a risk factor for post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreatitis. However, there is insufficient information to determine if the patient meets other inclusion criteria related to biliary obstruction or disease. The patient does not violate any exclusion criteria based on the provided information.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Eligible (leaning toward inclusion)"
}
```