<think> Alright, let's see if this patient can join the clinical trial. First, we need to check if he's an affected participant or a healthy volunteer. He's 58, so he's definitely not a kid, and he's got a bunch of health issues, so he's definitely not a healthy volunteer. So, we're looking at the affected participant criteria.

First up, he's got to be at least 2 years old. Easy, he's 58, so that's a no-brainer. He's met that one.

Next, he needs to have some kind of liver disease or be at risk for it. Hmm, the patient has mild elevation in hepatic transaminase levels. That could be due to statin therapy or non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. So, it seems like he's at risk for liver disease. That's a good sign for meeting this criterion.

Now, let's move on to the exclusion criteria for affected participants. We need to see if he has any significant medical illnesses that might interfere with the study. He's got a complex cardiac history, including multiple heart attacks, bypass surgery, and he's got Type 2 diabetes. That's a lot of significant medical issues. So, it looks like he's got some serious health problems that could interfere with the study. That's a problem for meeting the criteria.

Let's quickly check the exclusion criteria for healthy volunteers, just to be thorough. He's not a healthy volunteer, but it's good to know. He's got chronic medical conditions like heart disease and diabetes, so he wouldn't qualify as a healthy volunteer anyway.

So, to wrap it up, the patient meets the age and liver disease risk criteria for affected participants. But, he's got significant medical issues that would exclude him from the study. So, he's not eligible to participate. <think>
{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": ">=2 years of age", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which clearly satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Meets one of the following: 1. Suspected or evidence of acute or chronic liver disease on evaluation by a referring licensed independent practitioner (LIP), OR 2. At risk for acute or chronic liver disease", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient has mild elevation in hepatic transaminase levels, which suggests he is at risk for liver disease."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "History of significant medical illnesses that might interfere with prolonged follow up evaluation", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a complex cardiac history, including multiple myocardial infarctions, bypass surgery, and Type 2 diabetes, which are significant medical issues that could interfere with the study."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age and liver disease risk criteria for affected participants. However, he has significant medical issues that would exclude him from the study.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}