<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one, using only the information provided in the patient description.

Starting with the Inclusion Criteria. The first criterion is being at least 21 years old. The patient is 58, so that's met. Next, the diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical tests. Wait, the patient's description doesn't mention any BPPV or balance issues. He has a history of heart problems, diabetes, etc., but nothing about BPPV. So this criterion isn't met. Third, functional to normal range of motion for neck and back. The patient's description doesn't mention any issues with range of motion. But wait, the exclusion criteria include a condition that impairs range of motion. However, the inclusion criterion is about having normal range of motion. Since there's no info on his neck or back mobility, this is unclear. But the patient's description doesn't state that he has normal range of motion, so maybe it's unclear. Wait, the inclusion criterion is that they have functional to normal range of motion. If there's no data, then it's unclear. But maybe the absence of mention implies that it's normal? Hmm, but the instructions say not to assume. So since there's no data, it's unclear.

Now for Exclusion Criteria. First, history of prior ear surgery or treatment for BPPV. The patient's description doesn't mention any ear surgery or BPPV treatment. So this is not violated. Second, orthopedic or connective tissue disorder impairing neck or trunk range of motion. Again, no info on that. So not violated. Third, significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage. The patient has a history of heart issues, diabetes, but no mention of neurological disorders. So not violated. Fourth, on vestibular suppressant medications. The patient is on atorvastatin and metformin. No mention of vestibular suppressants like meclizine or betahistine. So not violated. Fifth, Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas. No mention of these, so not violated.

Wait, but the patient has a history of heart attacks, bypass surgery, etc., but nothing about BPPV. So the inclusion criteria for BPPV is not met. The other inclusion criteria are age (met), and range of motion (unclear). So for inclusion, two out of three criteria are met? Wait, the inclusion criteria are three points. The first is age (met), second is BPPV diagnosis (not met), third is range of motion (unclear). So the patient doesn't meet the second inclusion criterion, so overall, they are not eligible. But the exclusion criteria: none of them are violated. So the final decision would be Ineligible because the inclusion criteria are not met. But wait, the inclusion criteria require all three to be met. Since the second is not met, the patient is not eligible. The exclusion criteria are not violated, but the inclusion criteria are not met. So the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Are at least 21 years old.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, explicitly satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description contains no information about balance disorders, BPPV, or clinical test results for this condition."},
    {"Criterion": "Have functional to normal range of motion of the neck and the back.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description provides no data regarding neck or back range of motion, making it impossible to verify compliance with this criterion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Have a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of ear surgery or BPPV treatment in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Have an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs functional neck or trunk range of motion.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No information is provided about orthopedic or connective tissue disorders affecting range of motion."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention neurological disorders or spinal cord damage."},
    {"Criterion": "Are on vestibular suppressant medications.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is on atorvastatin and metformin, with no mention of vestibular suppressants."},
    {"Criterion": "Have Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas in the patient's history."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement but lacks information about BPPV diagnosis or range of motion. No exclusion criteria are violated, but inclusion criteria are not fully met due to missing data.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}