<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion criteria for the clinical trial. The first inclusion criterion is that the patient must be at least 21 years old. The patient is 58, so that's definitely met. Next, they need a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about BPPV or any related diagnosis, so this is unclear. The third inclusion criterion is having functional to normal range of motion of the neck and back. Again, there's no information provided about the patient's neck or back mobility, so that's also unclear.

Now for the exclusion criteria. The first exclusion is a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV. The patient's history includes cardiac issues, diabetes, and smoking, but nothing about ear surgery or BPPV treatment. So this is not violated. The second exclusion is an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder affecting neck or trunk range of motion. The patient's description doesn't mention any such disorders, so this is not violated. The third exclusion is a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage. The patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy and a history of MI, but no mention of neurological issues, so not violated. The fourth exclusion is being on vestibular suppressant medications. The patient is on atorvastatin and metformin, which aren't vestibular suppressants, so not violated. The fifth exclusion is Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas. The patient's conditions don't include these, so not violated.

Putting it all together, the patient meets the age criterion but lacks information on BPPV diagnosis and range of motion. Since the key inclusion criteria for BPPV and range of motion are unclear, and the exclusion criteria are not violated, the eligibility is uncertain. The final decision would be likely ineligible because the necessary inclusion criteria aren't met based on the provided data.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Are at least 21 years old.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a diagnosis of BPPV or any related clinical test results."},
    {"Criterion": "Have functional to normal range of motion of the neck and the back.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not provide information about neck or back range of motion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Have a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention ear surgery or prior BPPV treatment."},
    {"Criterion": "Have an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs functional neck or trunk range of motion.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention orthopedic or connective tissue disorders affecting range of motion."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention neurological disorders or spinal cord damage."},
    {"Criterion": "Are on vestibular suppressant medications.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is on atorvastatin and metformin, which are not vestibular suppressants."},
    {"Criterion": "Have Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age criterion but lacks evidence of BPPV diagnosis and range of motion assessment. No exclusion criteria are violated.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}