<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one, using only the information provided in the patient description.

First, looking at the inclusion criteria. The first criterion is age 21-45. The patient is 58, so that's definitely not met. Next, history of smoked cocaine use at least twice a week for six months, including 0.5g in 24hr. The patient has a 20-year smoking history but quit at 45. No mention of cocaine use, so this is not met. Then, being in good health with specific tests: physical exam, CBC, chest X-ray, electrolytes, liver function, normal ECG, BP <140/90. The patient has a history of MI, stents, bypass, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and liver issues. So these tests might not be normal, so this criterion is not met. Using acceptable birth control: the patient's data doesn't mention contraception, so unclear. Urine toxicology positive for cocaine: no info on that, so unclear.

Now exclusion criteria. Any DSM-IV Axis I disorder except cocaine abuse/dependence or other psychoactive drugs except nicotine/caffeine. The patient has coronary artery disease, which is a medical condition but not a DSM-IV Axis I disorder. No mention of other disorders, so maybe not violated. History of violence or on probation/parole: no info, so unclear. Pregnant, lactating, or delivered in past 12 months: no mention, so unclear. HIV or hepatitis B: no info, so unclear. History of seizure disorder: no mention, so not violated.

Wait, the patient has a history of myocardial infarctions and coronary artery disease, but those are medical conditions, not Axis I disorders. So the exclusion criteria about Axis I disorders would not apply here. Also, the patient's cocaine use is not mentioned, so the inclusion criteria about cocaine use are not met. The age is over 45, so that's a clear exclusion. The other criteria like tests and birth control are unclear because the data isn't provided. So the final decision would be ineligible because of age and possible other factors.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "M/F ages 21-45", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, which is outside the 21-45 age range."},
    {"Criterion": "History of smoked cocaine use at least twice a week for the past six months, including 0.5 g of cocaine in a 24hr period on at least one occasion", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's history of smoking is documented, but there is no mention of cocaine use or specific cocaine-related metrics."},
    {"Criterion": "In good health as evidenced by physical exam and complete blood count, chest X-ray and electrolyte and liver function tests, with a normal resting 12-lead ECG and blood pressure of less than 140/90 mmHg", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, coronary artery disease, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and elevated liver enzymes, indicating poor health."},
    {"Criterion": "Using an acceptable method of birth control", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about the patient's use of birth control methods."},
    {"Criterion": "Having a urine toxicology screen positive for cocaine metabolites", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about urine toxicology results."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Any DSM-IV Axis I disorder other than cocaine abuse or dependence, or dependence or daily use of psychoactive drugs other than nicotine or caffeine", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient's conditions (coronary artery disease, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) are not DSM-IV Axis I disorders."},
    {"Criterion": "A history of violence and/or currently on probation, parole or awaiting trial", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about the patient's history of violence or legal status."},
    {"Criterion": "Pregnant as determined by serum pregnancy screen, lactating or having delivered a child in the past 12 months", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about pregnancy, lactation, or recent childbirth."},
    {"Criterion": "Seropositive tests for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or hepatitis B", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about HIV or hepatitis B status."},
    {"Criterion": "History of seizure disorder", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No information is provided indicating a history of seizure disorder."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (exceeds age limit), has no documented cocaine use, and has multiple comorbidities indicating poor health. Birth control and cocaine metabolite status are unclear.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}