<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. The trial is for boy and girl preterm infants between 24-29 weeks gestation and 500-1400 grams birthweight. The patient in question is a 58-year-old male with a history of various cardiovascular issues.

First, I need to check each inclusion and exclusion criterion. The inclusion criteria are specifically for preterm infants, so the patient is an adult, not an infant. That immediately makes the inclusion criteria irrelevant because the trial is for infants, not adults. So, all inclusion criteria would be irrelevant here.

For exclusion criteria, the trial doesn't have any listed, but the user provided the criteria as "Eligibility Criteria" which are the inclusion criteria. Wait, the user's input says the trial's eligibility criteria are for preterm infants, and the patient is an adult. So, the exclusion criteria might not be provided, but the user's instructions mention assessing both inclusion and exclusion criteria. However, the input only has the inclusion criteria. The exclusion criteria are not provided in the input, so maybe they are not applicable here. But the user's instructions say to assess all criteria, so perhaps the exclusion criteria are not present, so they are irrelevant.

But the user's input only has the inclusion criteria. The patient is an adult, so none of the inclusion criteria apply. Therefore, all inclusion criteria are irrelevant. The exclusion criteria are not provided, so they are irrelevant as well. The recap would note that the patient is an adult, not an infant, so they don't meet the inclusion criteria. The final decision would be ineligible because the patient is not a preterm infant as per the trial's criteria.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Boy and girl preterm infants 24-29 weeks of gestational age and 500-1400 grams birthweight.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old adult, not a preterm infant, and the criteria apply exclusively to infants, not adults."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Eligibility Criteria: Boy and girl preterm infants 24-29 weeks of gestational age and 500-1400 grams birthweight.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Exclusion criteria are not explicitly defined in the provided trial criteria, and the patient's adult status renders the criteria irrelevant."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is a 58-year-old adult with no relevant infant-related data. Trial criteria apply exclusively to preterm infants, which the patient does not meet.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}