<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. But wait, the eligibility criteria section says "No eligibility criteria". That's important. So first, I need to check if there are any inclusion or exclusion criteria provided.

Looking back, the user provided the clinical trial criteria as "No eligibility criteria". That means there are no specific inclusion or exclusion criteria to evaluate. The patient's description is detailed, but since there are no criteria to apply, the assessment would be based on that.

So for Inclusion Criteria Evaluation, since there are none, all entries would be irrelevant. Similarly for Exclusion Criteria. But the user's instructions say to evaluate each criterion individually. However, if there are no criteria, then each criterion is irrelevant. 

Wait, the problem says "For each inclusion criterion, classify..." but if there are no inclusion criteria, then the list is empty. Same for exclusion. So the JSON should have empty arrays for both. The recap would note that there are no criteria to evaluate. The final decision would be based on the absence of criteria, so maybe "Eligible" since there's no exclusion. But the user's example might have different logic. However, the trial criteria say "No eligibility criteria", so the patient automatically meets all inclusion criteria (since there are none) and none of the exclusion criteria apply (since there are none). Therefore, the patient is eligible. But the user's instructions say to return the JSON with the evaluations. Since there are no criteria, the evaluations are irrelevant. So the recap would state that no criteria were provided, hence the patient is eligible. But the final decision would be "Eligible" because there are no criteria to exclude them. But the user's example might have different logic. However, according to the given data, since there are no criteria, the answer is that the patient is eligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [],
  "Recap": "No eligibility criteria were provided to assess, resulting in no inclusion or exclusion determinations.",
  "Final Decision": "Eligible"
}