<think>
Okay, let's start by going through the inclusion and exclusion criteria one by one based on the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria. The first one is being at least 21 years old. The patient is 58, so that's met. The second criterion is a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical tests. But looking at the patient's description, there's no mention of BPPV or any related symptoms. The patient has a history of cardiovascular issues, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, etc., but nothing about BPPV. So this criterion isn't met. The third inclusion criterion is functional to normal range of motion of the neck and back. The patient's description doesn't mention any issues with neck or back mobility. However, there's a mention of a 20-year smoking history, which might affect lung function, but not directly the neck or back. Since there's no data on range of motion, this is unclear. Wait, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about neck or back range of motion. So that's unclear.

Now the exclusion criteria. The first is a history of prior ear surgery or treatment for BPPV. The patient's history doesn't mention anything about ear surgery or BPPV treatment, so this is not violated. Second exclusion is orthopedic or connective tissue disorder affecting neck or trunk range of motion. Again, no mention of such disorders, so not violated. Third is significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage. The patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and a history of myocardial infarctions, but nothing about neurological issues. So not violated. Fourth is on vestibular suppressant medications. The patient is on metformin for diabetes, but no mention of vestibular suppressants like meclizine or betahistine. So not violated. Fifth is Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas. The patient has no mention of these, so not violated.

Wait, but the patient's description doesn't mention BPPV at all. So for inclusion criteria, the second one is not met. The third inclusion criterion is unclear because there's no data on neck/back range of motion. The exclusion criteria are all not violated because there's no evidence of the excluded conditions. So the final decision would be Ineligible because the inclusion criteria for BPPV are not met. But wait, the patient's description doesn't mention BPPV, so that's a clear Not Met. The other inclusion criteria are either met or unclear. But since one of the inclusion criteria is not met, the patient is not eligible. The recap would note that the patient doesn't have BPPV, which is required. So the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Are at least 21 years old.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "No mention of BPPV, vestibular symptoms, or clinical test results for BPPV in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Have functional to normal range of motion of the neck and the back.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data provided on neck or back range of motion or functional limitations."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Have a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No mention of ear surgery or BPPV treatment in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Have an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs functional neck or trunk range of motion.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No mention of orthopedic/connective tissue disorders affecting mobility."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of neurological disorders or spinal cord damage in the patient's profile."},
    {"Criterion": "Are on vestibular suppressant medications.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of vestibular suppressants (e.g., meclizine, betahistine) in the patient's medication list."},
    {"Criterion": "Have Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas in the patient's history."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (meets age requirement), but lacks a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV (required for inclusion). No data on neck/back range of motion (unclear). No evidence of excluded conditions.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}