<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to look at the inclusion and exclusion criteria provided.

The inclusion criteria are: ages 18 to 60, and body weight between 130% to 180% of ideal body weight. The patient is 58, which is within the age range. But wait, the body weight part is a bit tricky. The patient's data doesn't mention their actual weight or ideal body weight. The criteria require that their body weight is within that percentage. Since there's no data on their weight or ideal body weight, I can't determine if they meet this. So that's an unclear classification for the weight criterion.

Now, the exclusion criteria. The original criteria only have inclusion, not exclusion. Wait, the user provided the trial criteria as only inclusion, but the problem mentions both inclusion and exclusion. Wait, looking back, the trial criteria given are only the inclusion criteria. The user might have made a mistake, but according to the input, the trial criteria are only the inclusion ones. So the exclusion criteria are not provided. But the user's instructions say to assess both inclusion and exclusion. Wait, the user's input says "Eligibility Criteria" includes both, but in the actual input, the trial criteria only list inclusion. Wait, the user's input under "Eligibility Criteria" says "Men and women, ages 18 to 60. Body weight was 130 to 180 percent of ideal body weight." So that's the inclusion criteria. There's no exclusion criteria listed here. But the user's instructions say to assess both inclusion and exclusion. However, the trial criteria provided don't have any exclusion criteria. So for exclusion criteria, all would be irrelevant because there are none. But the user's input might have a mistake. Wait, the user's input under "Eligibility Criteria" only lists inclusion. So the exclusion criteria are not present. Therefore, for the exclusion criteria, all would be irrelevant. But the user's instructions say to evaluate each exclusion criterion, but if there are none, then all are irrelevant. But the user's input might have a typo. Wait, the user's input says "Eligibility Criteria: Men and women, ages 18 to 60. Body weight was 130 to 180 percent of ideal body weight." So that's the only criteria. Therefore, the exclusion criteria are not provided. So in the response, the exclusion criteria would all be irrelevant. But the user's instructions say to evaluate each exclusion criterion, but if there are none, then the exclusion criteria evaluation would be empty. However, the user's input might have a mistake. Alternatively, maybe the exclusion criteria are not provided, so the user is supposed to check if any of the exclusion criteria apply. But since there are none, all exclusion criteria would be irrelevant. Therefore, in the JSON, the exclusion criteria would be empty. But the user's input might have a mistake. Alternatively, maybe the user intended that the trial has both inclusion and exclusion criteria, but in the input, only inclusion is given. So the answer would have to proceed with the given data. So for inclusion criteria, the age is met (58), but the weight is unclear. For exclusion criteria, since there are none, all are irrelevant. Therefore, the final decision would be based on the inclusion criteria. The patient is 58, so age is met. But the weight is unclear. So the inclusion criteria are partially met. The weight is unclear, so the patient might not meet the inclusion criteria. Therefore, the final decision would be "Ineligible" because the weight is unclear. But the user's instructions say to use only the provided data. Since the weight is not provided, the weight criterion is unclear. Therefore, the inclusion criteria are not all met. So the patient is not eligible. But the age is met. However, the weight is a required criterion. Since the weight is unclear, the patient doesn't meet the inclusion criteria. Therefore, the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women, ages 18 to 60", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, within the 18–60 age range."},
    {"Criterion": "Body weight was 130 to 180 percent of ideal body weight", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data provided on patient's actual weight or ideal body weight to verify this criterion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Irrelevant", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No exclusion criteria provided in the trial criteria."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient meets age requirement but insufficient data to assess body weight relative to ideal body weight.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}