<think>
Okay, let's start by going through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one based on the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria: the patient must have >50% stenosis in at least one major coronary artery. The patient has a history of coronary artery disease with multivessel involvement, so that's met. Next, no significant valvular heart disease. The patient's description doesn't mention any valvular issues, so that's probably met. No congenital heart disease—again, no mention of that, so met. No myocardial disease unrelated to coronary artery disease. The patient's myocardial infarctions are related to CAD, so that's met. No severe angina where withdrawal of therapy would be dangerous. The patient has a history of severe MI, but the criteria say if there's severe angina that would be dangerous to withdraw therapy, but the patient's condition is managed with stents and bypass, so maybe this is met. No recent unstable angina or MI within 1 month. The patient had MI at 55, but the current time is 58, so more than a month has passed, so that's met. Not pregnant or breastfeeding—patient is male, so irrelevant. No history of ventricular tachycardia or malignant arrhythmias. The patient's history doesn't mention these, so met. No active bronchospastic disease. No mention of that, so met.

Now exclusion criteria: No recent unstable angina or MI within 1 month. The patient had MI at 55, and now it's 58, so more than a month, so not violated. Wait, the exclusion says "less than 1 month," so if the MI was 3 months ago, that's okay. The patient's MI was at 55, and now it's 58, so 3 months ago, so that's not violated. Wait, but the patient's current time is 58, so the MI was 3 years ago? Wait, the patient is 58 now, and the MI was at age 55, so that's 3 years ago. So that's more than a month, so not violated. So that's not violated. Wait, but the exclusion says "no recent unstable angina or myocardial infarction (less than 1 month)." So if the MI was more than a month ago, that's okay. So the patient's MI was 3 years ago, so that's not violated. So that's not violated. 

Other exclusions: No severe angina where withdrawal of therapy would be dangerous. The patient has a history of severe MI, but the criteria say if withdrawal would be dangerous, but the patient is on therapy, so maybe that's met. Wait, the exclusion is "no severe angina where withdrawal would be dangerous." The patient's condition is managed with stents and bypass, so maybe that's not violated. 

Wait, the exclusion criteria are the ones that would disqualify. Let me check each exclusion again. The exclusion criteria are: no recent unstable angina or MI within 1 month. The patient's MI was 3 years ago, so that's not violated. No history of ventricular tachycardia or malignant arrhythmias. The patient's history doesn't mention that, so not violated. No active bronchospastic disease. No mention, so not violated. 

Wait, but the patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, but the inclusion criteria say "no myocardial disease unrelated to co-existing coronary artery disease." The patient's MI is related to CAD, so that's met. 

So for inclusion criteria, all are met. For exclusion, the only possible issue is if any of the exclusions are violated. The patient has a history of severe MI, but the exclusion is about recent MI within 1 month. Since the MI was 3 years ago, that's not violated. Also, the patient has a history of coronary artery disease, but that's allowed. 

Wait, the exclusion criteria include "no recent unstable angina or myocardial infarction (less than 1 month)." The patient's MI was 3 years ago, so that's not violated. 

So all inclusion criteria are met. Exclusion criteria: none are violated. Therefore, the patient is eligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Adult patients with greater than 50% stenosis in at least one major coronary artery.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient has multivessel coronary artery disease with Stage III classification, indicating significant stenosis."},
    {"Criterion": "No significant valvular heart disease.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "No mention of valvular heart disease in patient history."},
    {"Criterion": "No congenital heart disease.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "No indication of congenital heart disease in patient history."},
    {"Criterion": "No myocardial disease unrelated to co-existing coronary artery disease.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Myocardial infarctions are explicitly linked to coronary artery disease."},
    {"Criterion": "No severe angina where withdrawal of therapy would be dangerous.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient's angina is managed with stents and bypass, suggesting therapy is necessary."},
    {"Criterion": "No recent unstable angina or myocardial infarction (less than 1 month).", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient's MI occurred 3 years ago, well beyond 1 month."},
    {"Criterion": "Not pregnant or breast feeding.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient is male, so this criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "No history of ventricular tachycardia or malignant arrhythmias.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "No history of arrhythmias in patient records."},
    {"Criterion": "No history of active bronchospastic disease.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "No mention of respiratory conditions in patient history."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "No recent unstable angina or myocardial infarction (less than 1 month).", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient's MI occurred 3 years ago, not within 1 month."},
    {"Criterion": "No history of ventricular tachycardia or malignant arrhythmias.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No history of arrhythmias in patient records."},
    {"Criterion": "No active bronchospastic disease.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of respiratory conditions in patient history."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient meets all inclusion criteria for coronary artery disease and has no violations of exclusion criteria related to recent MI, arrhythmias, or respiratory conditions.",
  "Final Decision": "Eligible"
}