<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. The inclusion criteria are "Men and women suspected of having a pulmonary embolism and who met the criteria to undergo angiography." 

First, I need to check if the patient meets these criteria. The patient is a 58-year-old male. The key points here are whether he's suspected of having a pulmonary embolism and if he meets the criteria for angiography.

Looking at the patient's description: he has a history of myocardial infarctions, coronary artery disease, and other cardiovascular issues. There's no mention of pulmonary embolism or any symptoms related to it. The patient's main issues are related to the heart, not the lungs. Also, there's no indication that he's suspected of having a pulmonary embolism. The criteria for angiography would typically be based on conditions like suspected PE, but the patient's history doesn't point to that. 

So, the inclusion criteria are about PE and angiography. Since the patient doesn't have any mention of PE or the need for angiography, the inclusion criteria are not met. Therefore, the classification for each inclusion criterion would be "Not Met" because the patient doesn't meet the criteria. 

For exclusion criteria, the original criteria only have inclusion criteria provided. The user didn't list any exclusion criteria, so all exclusion criteria would be irrelevant. But the user's input only has the inclusion criteria. So, the exclusion criteria evaluation would be irrelevant for all, as there's no data to check. 

The recap should note that the patient doesn't meet the inclusion criteria for PE and angiography. The final decision is Ineligible because the criteria aren't met.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women suspected of having a pulmonary embolism and who met the criteria to undergo angiography.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient has no mention of suspected pulmonary embolism or indication for angiography. His medical history is focused on coronary artery disease, myocardial infarctions, and hypercholesterolemia, with no evidence of pulmonary embolism or angiography indication."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "N/A", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No exclusion criteria were provided in the trial eligibility criteria."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient does not meet inclusion criteria for suspected pulmonary embolism or angiography indication. No exclusion criteria applicable.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}