<think>
Okay, let's start by going through the inclusion and exclusion criteria one by one based on the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria: All patients must have 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia correctable to 20/20 with glasses or contacts. The patient's data doesn't mention anything about myopia, so that's unclear. Next, stability of myopia documented by previous records—again, no info on myopia or its stability, so unclear. Age must be at least 21, which the patient is 58, so that's met. Living in the metropolitan area of study centers—patient's location isn't specified, so unclear. Agreed to surgery on one eye and wait 1 year for the other. The patient's data doesn't mention surgery or consent for surgery, so that's unclear. 

Now the exclusion criteria: Patients with systemic diseases affecting corneal healing. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and a family history of cardiovascular issues. These are systemic diseases, but does any of them affect corneal healing? The patient's data doesn't specify that, so maybe unclear. High corneal astigmatism is excluded. The patient's data doesn't mention astigmatism, so that's unclear. 

So for inclusion criteria, most are unclear because there's no info on myopia, stability, location, or surgery consent. For exclusions, the systemic diseases might be relevant, but without specific info on corneal healing, it's unclear. Also, no mention of astigmatism. 

The recap would note lack of myopia data, age is met, location unclear, surgery consent unclear. Exclusions: possible systemic diseases but unclear if they affect corneal healing, and no astigmatism info. 

Final decision: Since most inclusion criteria are unclear and exclusions are unclear, the patient is likely ineligible because they don't meet the necessary criteria.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "All men and women had 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia and were correctable to 20/20 or better with glasses or contact lenses.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient data contains no information about myopia, refractive error, or visual acuity correction methods."},
    {"Criterion": "All patients had the stability of their myopia documented by previous records.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient data contains no information about myopia stability or prior records."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients were at least 21 years of age and lived in the metropolitan area of the study centers.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, meeting the age requirement. Location is not specified but not contradicted."},
    {"Criterion": "Each patient agreed to have surgery on one eye and to wait 1 year for surgery on the other eye.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient data contains no information about surgical consent or plans."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing and patients with high corneal astigmatism were excluded from the study.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "This is an exclusion criterion, not an inclusion criterion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and cardiovascular disease, but data does not specify whether these affect corneal healing."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients with high corneal astigmatism", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient data contains no information about corneal astigmatism measurements."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (meets age requirement), but no data on myopia, refractive error, or surgical consent. Systemic conditions exist but no evidence of corneal healing impact. No information on astigmatism.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}