<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one, using only the information provided in the patient description.

First, the inclusion criteria. Let's list them out:

1. Must live in the United States.
2. Must understand and write English.
3. Must have access to a computer with email and expect to have this access for at least 3 years.
4. Must be 18 years old.
5. Must have seen a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year.

Now, looking at the patient's description. The patient is a 58-year-old male. The description doesn't mention anything about his residence, so I can't confirm if he lives in the US. That's unclear. Next, does he understand and write English? The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, etc., but there's no mention of language or literacy. So that's unclear. Access to a computer with email for 3 years? The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and other conditions, but no info on computer access or email. So that's unclear. Age is 58, which is over 18, so that's met. The fifth criterion is about seeing a doctor for back pain in the past year. The patient's description doesn't mention back pain at all. He has cardiovascular issues, diabetes, etc., but no back pain. So that's not met.

Now the exclusion criteria:

1. Pregnancy – not mentioned, so irrelevant.
2. Back surgery in the past 6 months – no mention, so irrelevant.
3. Expectation of back surgery in next 6 months – not mentioned, irrelevant.
4. Back pain due to car accident or major injury in last 6 months – no info, irrelevant.
5. Back pain or sciatica due to systemic disease – the patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, etc., but not specifically mentioned as systemic diseases related to back pain. However, the patient's back pain isn't mentioned at all. So maybe this is unclear? Wait, the exclusion is if the back pain is due to systemic disease. Since the patient doesn't have back pain, this criterion might not apply. So maybe irrelevant.
6. Major physical or mental health condition limiting daily activities – the patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, coronary artery disease, and a history of myocardial infarctions. These are major conditions, but does he have a condition that severely limits daily activities? The description says he's managing diabetes with metformin, has coronary artery disease, but it's not clear if these limit his daily activities. However, the patient is 58, has a history of multiple health issues, so maybe this is violated? But the criteria say "currently being treated that severely limits daily activities." The patient is managing these conditions, but the description doesn't specify if they limit his activities. So maybe unclear.
7. Terminal illness – the patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, but no mention of terminal illness. So not violated.
8. Receiving disability or workers comp for back pain – no mention of back pain, so irrelevant.
9. Legal proceedings due to back pain – not mentioned, irrelevant.
10. Difficulty with bladder or bowel control from back pain – no mention, irrelevant.
11. No visits to a doctor in the past year for back pain – the patient has no back pain, so this is not violated. But the criterion is "no visits," so if he hasn't had any, that's not violated. But the patient's history is about other conditions, not back pain. So this is not violated.
12. Numbness in crotch area from back pain – not mentioned, irrelevant.
13. Age under 18 – the patient is 58, so not violated.

Wait, but the exclusion criteria are about violating them. So for each exclusion, if the patient meets the condition, it's violated. For example, if the patient has a major physical condition that limits daily activities, that would be a violation. But the patient's conditions are managed, but the description doesn't specify if they limit his activities. So that's unclear.

So for the exclusion criteria, the patient has several conditions, but the criteria are about back pain or specific conditions. Since the patient doesn't have back pain, some criteria are irrelevant. The major physical condition might be a violation if it's severe. But the data is unclear. So for the exclusion criteria, some are not violated, some are irrelevant, and some are unclear.

Putting it all together, the inclusion criteria: age is met, but the others are unclear or not met. The exclusion criteria: some are not violated, some are irrelevant, some are unclear.

So the final decision would be that the patient is not eligible because he doesn't meet the inclusion criteria (no back pain in the past year), and some exclusion criteria might be violated, but the main issue is the inclusion criteria.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Must live in the United States", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's residence is not specified in the description."},
    {"Criterion": "Must understand and write English", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about language proficiency or literacy."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have access to a computer with e-mail and expect to have this access for at least 3 years", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is provided about computer access or email usage."},
    {"Criterion": "Must be 18 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Must have seen a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "No mention of back pain or medical visits related to back pain in the patient's history."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient's gender and reproductive status are not indicated."},
    {"Criterion": "Back surgery in the past 6 months", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No history of back surgery is mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Expectation of having back surgery in the next 6 months", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No information about future surgical expectations is provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain due to a car accident or other major injury within the last 6 months", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No history of trauma or injury related to back pain is mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Back pain or sciatica due to systemic disease", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No back pain or sciatica is reported, so this criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "Major physical or mental health condition for which one is currently being treated that severely limits daily activities", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has multiple chronic conditions, but the severity of their impact on daily activities is not explicitly stated."},
    {"Criterion": "Terminal illness", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No indication of terminal illness is provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Receiving disability or workers compensation insurance payments for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No mention of disability or workers compensation related to back pain."},
    {"Criterion": "Presently involved in legal proceedings because of back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No legal proceedings related to back pain are mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Difficulty with bladder or bowel control that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No symptoms of neurogenic bladder/bowel dysfunction are reported."},
    {"Criterion": "No visits to a doctor in the past year for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient has no history of back pain, so this criterion is not applicable."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (meets age requirement) but has no history of back pain or related medical visits (fails inclusion criterion 5). No data on residence, language, or computer access (unclear criteria 1-3). Multiple chronic conditions exist, but their impact on daily activities is unclear (exclusion criterion 6).",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}