<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion and exclusion criteria for the clinical trials mentioned. The patient is a 58-year-old male, so first, I need to check the gender criteria. The Women's Health Study and Women's Antioxidant Cardiovascular Study both require the participant to be female. Since the patient is male, that's a big issue right there. 

Looking at the inclusion criteria for the Women's Health Study: (a) female. The patient is male, so this is not met. All other criteria under the Women's Health Study are irrelevant because the patient is not female. The same applies to the Women's Antioxidant Cardiovascular Study, which also requires the participant to be female. So all inclusion criteria for both studies are either not met or irrelevant.

Now, for the exclusion criteria. The patient's gender is male, so the exclusion criteria related to being female don't apply. However, since the patient is male, he's automatically excluded from these studies because they are specifically for women. There's no need to check other exclusion criteria because the primary inclusion criterion of being female is not met. 

Other factors like age (58 is over 45, but gender is the main issue), medical history (myocardial infarctions, diabetes, etc.) might be relevant in other contexts, but since the patient is male, those don't matter here. The patient's history of cardiovascular disease would be an exclusion under the Women's Health Study (criterion d), but since the patient is male, that's irrelevant. 

So, all inclusion criteria are not met or irrelevant, and the exclusion criteria related to gender are violated because the patient is male. Therefore, the patient is ineligible for both studies.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "female", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is male, as explicitly stated in the patient description."},
    {"Criterion": "aged 45 years or older", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "postmenopausal or with no intention of becoming pregnant", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "no reported personal history of cardiovascular disease, cancer (other than non-melanoma skin cancer), gout, peptic ulcer, chronic renal or liver disease, or other serious illness precluding participation", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "no reported history of serious side effects to the study treatments", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "not currently taking aspirin, aspirin containing medication, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) more than 1 day per week or, if so doing, willing to forego use of these medications", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "not currently taking individual supplements of vitamin E or beta carotene more than 1 day per week", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "not currently taking anticoagulants or corticosteroids", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "female", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is male, as explicitly stated in the patient description."},
    {"Criterion": "date of birth before January 1, 1955", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "a reported history of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke (CVA), angina pectoris (AP), coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PCTA), transient ischemic attack (TIA), carotid endarterectomy (CEA), or peripheral artery surgery (PAS)", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "no history of cancer (except non-melanoma skin cancer) within the past 10 years and no active liver disease or cirrhosis", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "pregnancy physiologically impossible due to menopause (natural or surgical) or tubal ligation, or the participant does not intend to become pregnant in the future as indicated on the initial WHS questionnaire", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."},
    {"Criterion": "no current use of a vitamin K-depleting anticoagulant agent (e.g., Coumadin)", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, so this criterion does not apply to the study's inclusion requirements."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "male gender", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient is male, as explicitly stated in the patient description, which violates the exclusion criterion for male participants in these studies."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient is male, which violates the primary inclusion criterion of being female for both the Women's Health Study and Women's Antioxidant Cardiovascular Study. All other criteria are irrelevant due to gender mismatch.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}