<think>
Okay, let's start by carefully reading the clinical trial criteria and the patient's description. The goal is to assess each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one based solely on the provided data.

First, the inclusion criteria. The trial is for men and women 18 or older with a documented history of uveitis requiring cataract surgery. The eye must be free of active inflammation for at least 3 months before surgery, with or without anti-inflammatory meds. The patient is a 58-year-old male, so age is met. But does he have a history of uveitis? The patient's description mentions recurrent myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, etc., but nothing about uveitis. So the first inclusion criterion (history of uveitis) is not met. Therefore, the inclusion criteria are not satisfied here.

Next, the exclusion criteria. They include corneal pathology or hazy media, uncontrolled glaucoma, diabetes mellitus, monocular patients, and inability to follow for 1 year. The patient has diabetes mellitus type 2, which is an exclusion. So that's a violation. The other exclusions: the patient's description doesn't mention corneal issues, glaucoma, being monocular, or follow-up duration. So for those, it's unclear or irrelevant. But since diabetes is present, that's a violation.

Putting it all together: the patient doesn't meet the inclusion criteria (no uveitis history) and has a violation in the exclusion (diabetes). Therefore, the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Women and men 18 years or older with a documented history of uveitis in an eye requiring cataract surgery are eligible for the study.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a documented history of uveitis or cataract surgery requirements."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Exclusion criteria include corneal pathology or hazy media that preclude evaluation of the intraocular lens", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No information provided about corneal pathology or hazy media in the patient's description."},
    {"Criterion": "uncontrolled glaucoma", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No mention of glaucoma in the patient's medical history."},
    {"Criterion": "diabetes mellitus", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "The patient has a documented history of diabetes mellitus type 2 diagnosed at age 48."},
    {"Criterion": "Monocular patients and patients who cannot be followed for at least 1 year are also excluded.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No information provided about monocular status or follow-up duration in the patient's description."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient does not meet the inclusion criterion of having a documented history of uveitis requiring cataract surgery. The patient violates the exclusion criterion for diabetes mellitus.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}