<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion and exclusion criteria for the clinical trial and compare them with the patient's data.

First, the inclusion criteria: the patient must be between 25 and 55 years old. The patient is 58, so that's over the age limit. That's a problem. Next, they need to be obese, with weight between 130% and 210% of ideal body weight. The patient's weight isn't mentioned, so I can't determine if they meet this. Then, diastolic blood pressure between 90 and 105 mm Hg, and not on antihypertensive meds. The patient's blood pressure isn't provided, so that's unclear. Also, they shouldn't be on antihypertensive medications. The patient is on metformin for diabetes, but no mention of antihypertensives. So maybe that's okay, but the BP itself is unknown.

Now the exclusion criteria. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, which might not be an exclusion unless specified. The trial's exclusion criteria aren't listed here, but the user provided the criteria as part of the input. Wait, the original criteria only had inclusion and the exclusion part was part of the inclusion criteria. Wait, the original eligibility criteria says "Subjects were not on antihypertensive medications." So that's part of the inclusion criteria. So the exclusion would be if they are on antihypertensives. But the patient isn't on any, so that's okay. But the age is over 55, so that's a problem. The other inclusion criteria like obesity and BP are unclear because the data isn't provided. So the patient doesn't meet the age criterion, which is a hard exclusion. The other criteria are either unclear or not met. So the final decision would be ineligible because of age.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women, ages 25 to 55", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, exceeding the upper age limit of 55."},
    {"Criterion": "Subjects were obese, weighing between 130 and 210 percent of ideal body weight", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's weight or percentage of ideal body weight is not explicitly documented in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Subjects had diastolic blood pressures between 90 and 105 mm Hg and were not on antihypertensive medications", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's diastolic blood pressure is not provided, and the criterion requires explicit confirmation of this range. Additionally, the patient is not on antihypertensive medications, which aligns with this criterion, but the missing BP data prevents full evaluation."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Subjects were not on antihypertensive medications", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is not on antihypertensive medications, as no such therapy is mentioned in the provided data."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient exceeds the age limit (58 vs. 25–55 years) and lacks data on weight/ideal body weight percentage and diastolic blood pressure. The requirement to be off antihypertensive medications is satisfied.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}