<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion criteria for the clinical trial. The first inclusion criterion is that the patient must be at least 21 years old. The patient is 58, so that's definitely met. Next, they need a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria. But the patient's description doesn't mention anything about BPPV or any related diagnosis. So that's unclear because there's no data provided on that. The third inclusion criterion is having functional to normal range of motion of the neck and back. The patient's history includes coronary artery disease and other issues, but there's no mention of neck or back range of motion. So that's also unclear.

Now for the exclusion criteria. The first exclusion is a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV. The patient's history includes heart procedures but no ear surgery or BPPV treatment, so that's not violated. Next, an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs range of motion. The patient's description doesn't mention any such disorders, so not violated. Then, significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage. The patient has a history of heart issues and diabetes, but no neurological disorders mentioned, so not violated. Being on vestibular suppressant medications—again, the patient is on metformin and statins, but no mention of vestibular suppressants, so not violated. Lastly, Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas. The patient's history doesn't include these, so not violated.

Putting it all together, the patient meets the age criterion but lacks information on BPPV diagnosis and range of motion. Since the key inclusion criteria for BPPV and range of motion are unclear, and the exclusion criteria aren't violated, the eligibility is uncertain. The final decision would be likely ineligible because the necessary inclusion criteria aren't met based on the provided data.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Are at least 21 years old.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which satisfies the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a diagnosis of BPPV or any related clinical test results."},
    {"Criterion": "Have functional to normal range of motion of the neck and the back.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not provide information about neck or back range of motion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Have a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's history includes coronary procedures but no mention of ear surgery or BPPV treatment."},
    {"Criterion": "Have an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs functional neck or trunk range of motion.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No orthopedic or connective tissue disorders are mentioned in the patient's description."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's history includes diabetes and coronary artery disease but no neurological disorders or spinal cord damage."},
    {"Criterion": "Are on vestibular suppressant medications.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is on metformin and statins, but no vestibular suppressant medications are listed."},
    {"Criterion": "Have Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age criterion but lacks documentation of BPPV diagnosis and range of motion. No exclusion criteria are violated.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}