<think>
Okay, let's start by going through the inclusion and exclusion criteria one by one for this patient. 

First, the inclusion criteria. The first one is age: men or women at least 50 years old. The patient is 58, so that's met. Next, the diagnosis of isolated systolic hypertension. The criteria require office BP >150 mmHg systolic and <90 diastolic, and 24-hour ambulatory BP >140 mmHg. The patient's description doesn't mention any blood pressure measurements, so this is unclear. 

Baseline systolic BP >150 and diastolic <90. Again, no BP data provided, so unclear. Then, no left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) as per echocardiography. The patient has a history of ischemic cardiomyopathy from a heart biopsy, but LVH isn't mentioned. The echocardiography for LVH isn't discussed, so this is unclear. The last inclusion is the ability to complete informed consent, which the patient has done, so that's met.

Now the exclusion criteria. First, age <50: patient is 58, so not violated. Antihypertensive therapy with dose changes in the last month. The patient's description doesn't mention current antihypertensive meds or recent dose changes, so unclear. HbA1c >9%: the patient's HbA1c is between 6.5-7.2%, so not violated. Serum creatinine >1.7 mg/dL: no data, so unclear. History of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes in 2 years: no mention, so not violated. History of congestive heart failure: the patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy, which might imply heart failure, but it's not explicitly stated. The criteria mention CHF as an exclusion, so this is unclear. 

History of stroke or TIA in last 12 months: no info, so unclear. History of MI in last 6 months: the patient had recurrent MIs starting at 55, but the current age is 58. The last MI's timing isn't specified, so unclear. ECG abnormalities: the patient has a history of MI and bypass surgery, but specific ECG issues like AV block aren't mentioned. So unclear. Significant systemic illnesses: the patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and possible liver issues, but it's not clear if they'd interfere with the study. Unclear.

Liver function tests >2x normal: the patient has mild elevation of hepatic transaminases, but the exact levels aren't given. So unclear. Use of corticosteroids: no mention, so not violated. Any other conditions per investigator: not specified, so unclear. Investigational drugs in 30 days: no info, so unclear. Previous exposure to ALT-711: no info, so unclear. HIV/hepatitis: no info, so unclear. Pregnancy: male, so irrelevant. Drug screen: no info, so unclear. Tobacco use: the patient quit 20 years ago, so not using now. But the exclusion is about use after midnight before clinic visits. Since he quit, this is not violated. Caffeine/alcohol: no info, so unclear.

Putting this all together, the key points are the missing data on BP, LVH, and several exclusion criteria. The patient's history of MI and possible heart failure might be issues, but it's not clear. The HbA1c is good, and he's not on corticosteroids. The final decision would be likely ineligible due to possible exclusion criteria not being met, but some are unclear. However, the presence of ischemic cardiomyopathy might relate to LVH or heart failure, which are exclusions. Since the data is unclear, but some exclusions are possible, the final decision is likely ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men or women at least 50 years of age.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is a 58-year-old male, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Screening diagnosis of isolated systolic hypertension, defined as systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements) and systolic blood pressure >140 mm Hg (measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring-mean daytime values).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's blood pressure measurements are not explicitly documented in the provided data."},
    {"Criterion": "Baseline systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's baseline blood pressure values are not provided in the description."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients without left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) as determined by limited echocardiography for LVH (i.e., wall thickness < 1.2 cm).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's echocardiography results for LVH are not explicitly mentioned in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient can complete an informed consent.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Written informed consent has been obtained from the patient."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patient <50 years of age.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients on antihypertensive therapy with changes in dose in the last 1 month prior to the entry into the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's antihypertensive therapy status and recent dose changes are not explicitly documented."},
    {"Criterion": "Hb A1c > 9%.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's HbA1c levels range between 6.5% and 7.2%, which are below the exclusion threshold."},
    {"Criterion": "Serum creatinine > 1.7mg/dL.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's serum creatinine levels are not provided in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "History of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes within the last 2 years.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's diabetes is described as managed with metformin, with no mention of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes in the last 2 years."},
    {"Criterion": "History of congestive heart failure.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has a history of ischemic cardiomyopathy but no explicit mention of congestive heart failure in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "History of stroke, or any sequelae of a transient ischemic attack, reversible ischemic neurologic defect, or stroke, within the last 12 months.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's history does not mention stroke or related conditions within the last 12 months."},
    {"Criterion": "History of acute myocardial infarction within 6 months prior to entry into the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has a history of recurrent MIs beginning at age 55, but the timing of the most recent MI relative to the current age (58) is not explicitly stated."},
    {"Criterion": "Any significant ECG abnormalities, including second degree AV-block or complete AV-block. Any known significant arrhythmia including atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, WPW-syndrome. Any hemodynamically significant valvular heart disease.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's ECG findings or arrhythmia history are not explicitly documented in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Any significant systemic illnesses or medical condition that could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and possible liver issues, but it is not explicitly stated whether these would interfere with protocol compliance."},
    {"Criterion": "Screening or Baseline liver function tests SGOT and/or SGPT > 2.0 times the upper limits of central laboratory normal range.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient has a mild elevation of hepatic transaminases, but the exact values relative to the exclusion threshold are not provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of systemic and/or inhaled corticosteroids (excluding topical corticosteroids).", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's use of corticosteroids is not mentioned in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Any additional condition(s), which in the investigator's opinion would prohibit the patient from completing the study, or not be in the best interest of the patient.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's overall health status is not explicitly evaluated for investigator discretion."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of any investigational drugs within 30 days prior to screening.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's investigational drug use is not mentioned in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Previous exposure to ALT-711.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's exposure to ALT-711 is not documented in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Known seropositivity for HIV or hepatitis C, or presence of hepatitis B surface antigen.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's seropositivity status for HIV or hepatitis is not provided in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy or active breast-feeding. Female patients of childbearing potential (not postmenopausal for at least 5 years or surgically sterilized) must agree not to become pregnant during the duration of the study...", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male, making this criterion irrelevant."},
    {"Criterion": "Positive drug screen.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's drug screen results are not mentioned in the data."},
    {"Criterion": "Necessity to use tobacco or nicotine-containing products, or to consume caffeine-containing beverages and/or food, and/or alcohol after midnight prior to clinic visit days, until after any evaluations.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient quit smoking 20 years ago and has no indication of current tobacco, caffeine, or alcohol use prior to clinic visits."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement and has provided informed consent. However, critical data on blood pressure, LVH, and several exclusion criteria (e.g., recent MI, ECG abnormalities, liver function) are missing or unclear. The patient's history of ischemic cardiomyopathy and possible heart failure may conflict with exclusion criteria, but this is not explicitly confirmed.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Ineligible (leaning toward exclusion)"
}