<think>
Okay, let's start by looking at the inclusion and exclusion criteria for the clinical trial and compare them with the patient's information.

First, the inclusion criteria. The trial is for myopic volunteers aged 20 to 35 who haven't worn contact lenses. The patient is 58 years old, so that's way outside the age range. That's a definite "Not Met" for the age criterion. Also, the patient's description doesn't mention anything about myopia, contact lens use, or the other ocular conditions like corneal curvature, visual acuity, etc. So those are all "Irrelevant" or "Unclear" because the data isn't provided. Since the age is a key inclusion criterion and it's not met, that's a major disqualifier.

Now for the exclusion criteria. The trial excludes people with ocular disease, those not in good health, or taking systemic medications with ocular side effects. The patient has a history of heart issues, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and liver enzyme elevations. However, the exclusion criteria specifically mention ocular issues. The patient's description doesn't state any ocular diseases, so that's "Not Violated" for that part. The patient is on metformin and statins, but the exclusion is about medications with ocular side effects. Metformin and statins aren't typically known for ocular side effects, but the patient has elevated liver enzymes possibly from statins. However, the exclusion criteria don't mention liver enzymes unless they're related to ocular side effects. Since the patient's ocular status isn't mentioned, maybe that's "Unclear" for some exclusions. But the main issue is the age and myopia, which are inclusion criteria not met. So overall, the patient is ineligible because of age and lack of myopia data.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Myopic volunteers, ages 20 to 35", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, exceeding the 20-35 age range."},
    {"Criterion": "Had not worn contact lenses", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient description does not mention contact lens use."},
    {"Criterion": "Free of ocular disease", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No ocular disease status is provided in the patient profile."},
    {"Criterion": "In good physical health", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient has multiple comorbidities (e.g., diabetes, coronary artery disease), but 'good physical health' is not explicitly assessed."},
    {"Criterion": "Not taking systemic medications with ocular side effects", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient is on metformin and statins, but no information is provided about ocular side effects of these medications."},
    {"Criterion": "Corneal curvature between 40.50 and 47.00 D", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No corneal curvature data is provided in the patient profile."},
    {"Criterion": "Corrected visual acuity of 6/6 (20/20) or better in each eye", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Visual acuity is not mentioned in the patient description."},
    {"Criterion": "Astigmatism less than 0.75 D", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No astigmatism data is provided in the patient profile."},
    {"Criterion": "Anisometropia less than 1 D", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Anisometropia is not mentioned in the patient description."},
    {"Criterion": "Myopia between 1 and 4 D", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "No myopia data is provided in the patient profile."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Ocular disease", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No ocular disease is explicitly mentioned in the patient profile."},
    {"Criterion": "Not in good physical health", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient has multiple comorbidities, but the trial does not explicitly exclude individuals with these conditions."},
    {"Criterion": "Taking systemic medications with ocular side effects", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient is on metformin and statins, but no ocular side effects are explicitly mentioned."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is 58 years old (exceeds age range of 20-35) and lacks data on myopia, ocular health, and other inclusion criteria. No ocular disease or disqualifying medications are explicitly mentioned.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}