<think>
Okay, let's start by going through the inclusion and exclusion criteria one by one for this patient. 

First, the inclusion criteria. The first one is age: the patient is 58, which is over 18, so that's met. Next, ability to provide written informed consent. The patient description says written consent was obtained, so that's met. The third inclusion criterion is needing anticoagulation for a percutaneous coronary intervention. The patient has a history of emergency stenting and CABG, but the current need for anticoagulation for PCI isn't explicitly stated. The patient might need another procedure, but the description doesn't mention a current need. So this is unclear.

Next, the HIT/HITTS criteria. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions and stenting, but there's no mention of heparin use or platelet count changes. The criteria require either a positive HIPA test or a specific platelet drop with or without thrombosis. Since the patient's history doesn't include heparin-induced thrombocytopenia or the required lab results, this is not met. So the inclusion criteria for HIT/HITTS aren't satisfied, which is a big one. So the inclusion criteria are mostly not met here.

Now for the exclusion criteria. Overt active bleeding: the patient's description doesn't mention any active bleeding, so not violated. Alternative explanations for thrombocytopenia: the patient's history includes diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, but no mention of DIC, sepsis, etc. So this is unclear. Coagulation disorders unrelated to HIT/HITTS: the patient has mild hepatic transaminases but no specific coagulation disorder mentioned. So unclear. Renal impairment: creatinine clearance isn't provided, so unclear. Other medical conditions that would endanger anticoagulation: the patient has mild liver issues and impaired LV function, but the criteria depend on the investigator's opinion. Since it's not specified, this is unclear.

Nonhemorrhagic stroke in the past 6 months: the patient's history doesn't mention strokes, so not violated. Intracranial neoplasm or AVM: no mention, so not violated. Lumbar puncture or spinal catheter in the past 7 days: no info, so unclear. Known prior hemorrhage or major surgery/trauma in the past 6 weeks: the patient had CABG at 55, but that was over 3 years ago. So not violated. Puncture of non-compressible vessel in 24 hours: no info, so unclear. Uncontrolled hypertension: the patient's BP isn't mentioned, so unclear. Ongoing anticoagulant therapy: the patient is on metformin and statins, but no anticoagulants mentioned. So not violated. Pregnancy or breastfeeding: the patient is male, so irrelevant. Hypersensitivity to bivalirudin or leech proteins: no info, so unclear. Participation in a drug trial in the past 48 hours: no info, so unclear.

Putting this all together, the main inclusion criteria not met are the HIT/HITTS requirements. The patient doesn't have the necessary documentation of HIT or HITTS. The other inclusion criteria like age and consent are met, but the key one is missing. For exclusion, most are not violated or unclear. The final decision would be ineligible because the inclusion criteria for HIT/HITTS aren't met.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Males and females at least 18 years of age", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old."},
    {"Criterion": "Be able to provide written informed consent", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Written informed consent has been obtained."},
    {"Criterion": "Need anticoagulation for percutaneous coronary intervention (angioplasty, rotational atherectomy, directional coronary atherectomy, transluminal extraction catheter, or coronary stent)", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has a history of stenting and CABG but no explicit mention of current need for anticoagulation for PCI."},
    {"Criterion": "New diagnosis or history of clinically suspected or objectively documented HIT/HITTS", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "No evidence of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (platelet count criteria) or HITTS (thrombocytopenia + thrombosis) in the patient's history or documentation."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Overt or known active significant bleeding", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of active bleeding in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Definitive evidence of an alternative explanation for the thrombocytopenia (e.g., DIC, sepsis, other consumptive coagulopathy, ITP, TTP, HUS, or bone-marrow failure)", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No evidence of alternative explanations for thrombocytopenia provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Coagulation disorder or bleeding diathesis unrelated to HIT/HITTS", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No specific coagulation disorder unrelated to HIT/HITTS is documented."},
    {"Criterion": "Patients with renal impairment, defined as calculated creatinine clearance <30 mL/min", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Creatinine clearance data is not provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Nonhemorrhagic stroke within the past 6 months or any previous hemorrhagic stroke", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No history of stroke is mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Intracranial neoplasm, or cerebral/spinal arteriovenous malformation or aneurysm", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No such conditions are documented."},
    {"Criterion": "Lumbar puncture, or spinal/epidural catheter placement within the past 7 days", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information on recent lumbar puncture or catheter placement is provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Known prior hemorrhage (gastrointestinal, genitourinary, pericardial, pleural, retroperitoneal spaces), major surgery, or serious trauma within the past 6 weeks", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Coronary artery bypass grafting occurred at age 55, more than 3 years prior to current age (58)."},
    {"Criterion": "Puncture of a non-compressible vessel within 24 hours before the planned PCI", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information on recent vessel puncture is provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Confirmed uncontrolled hypertension (systolic blood pressure >= 100 mmHg) at study entry", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Blood pressure data is not provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Ongoing anticoagulant therapy at study entry", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No ongoing anticoagulant therapy is mentioned; patient is on metformin and statins."},
    {"Criterion": "Known or suspected pregnancy, or breast-feed", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient is male; criterion does not apply."},
    {"Criterion": "Known hypersensitivity to bivalirudin or leech proteins", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information on hypersensitivity is provided."},
    {"Criterion": "If the patient has participated in a drug trial within the past 48 hours", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information on recent drug trials is provided."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient meets age and consent criteria but lacks documentation of HIT/HITTS (key inclusion criterion). No active bleeding or recent surgeries/thromboses. Uncertainty exists regarding renal function, anticoagulation need, and other exclusion factors due to missing data.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}