<think>
Okay, let's start by going through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one based on the patient's data. 

First, the inclusion criteria. The patient is 58 years old, which meets the age requirement of 55 or older. That's a "Met" for the age criterion. Next, they need to meet NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for probable Alzheimer's. But the patient's description doesn't mention any diagnosis of AD. They have a history of heart issues, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, but no mention of AD. So that's "Not Met" or maybe "Irrelevant" if it's not applicable. Wait, the inclusion criteria require a diagnosis of probable AD, which the patient doesn't have. So that's a "Not Met" for that criterion. 

Then, the MMSE score. The patient's data doesn't mention an MMSE score at all. So that's "Unclear". The Hachinski Ischemia Scale score needs to be ≤4. Again, no info on that, so "Unclear". The sleep disorder behaviors: the patient's history includes sleep issues? The patient's description doesn't mention any sleep disorders or the Sleep Disorder Inventory. So "Unclear" there. 

CT or MRI showing no more than one lacunar infarct. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions and ischemic cardiomyopathy, but no mention of brain imaging. So "Unclear". Physically acceptable for the study: the patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, but no info on lab results or EKG. So "Unclear". Actigraph data: the patient's description doesn't mention actigraph use or sleep time. "Unclear". Stable home situation: the patient's home situation isn't described, so "Unclear". Residing with a caregiver: no info on that, so "Unclear". Ability to take oral meds: the patient is on metformin, so that's "Met". Education level: the patient's education isn't mentioned, so "Unclear". Hamilton Depression Rating Scale: no data, "Unclear". Stable medications: the patient is on metformin, but no info on stability for 4 weeks. "Unclear".

Now exclusion criteria. Sleep disturbance is acute (within 2 weeks): the patient's sleep issues aren't mentioned, so "Irrelevant" or "Unclear". Sleep disturbance due to acute illness/delirium: no info, "Unclear". Movement disorder affecting actigraph: no mention, "Unclear". No mobile upper extremity: no info, "Unclear". Severe agitation: not mentioned, "Unclear". Pain syndrome affecting sleep: no info, "Unclear". Unstable medical condition: the patient has multiple chronic conditions but no indication of instability. "Not Violated". Use of investigational drugs: no, "Not Violated". Caffeine abstinence: no info, "Unclear". Alcohol limit: no info, "Unclear". Melatonin use: no, "Not Violated". Abnormal labs: no info, "Unclear". Residing in a facility without a caregiver: no info, "Unclear". Caregiver reliability: no info, "Unclear". Autoimmune disease: the patient has no mention of autoimmune diseases, so "Not Violated".

Putting it all together, the patient doesn't meet the AD diagnosis, which is a key inclusion criterion. Most other criteria are unclear due to missing data. The exclusion criteria don't seem to be violated based on available info. But since the main inclusion criteria for AD aren't met, the patient is likely ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patients must meet NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for probable Alzheimer's disease (AD). Patients must have disrupted sleep, documented by clinical history and by 1 to 2 weeks of recording using wrist activity monitors.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease or any sleep disorder documentation via actigraphy."},
    {"Criterion": "A diagnosis of probable AD.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's description does not state a diagnosis of probable Alzheimer's disease."},
    {"Criterion": "MMSE score 0-26.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's MMSE score is not provided in the description."},
    {"Criterion": "Hachinski Ischemia Scale score less than or equal to 4.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's Hachinski Ischemia Scale score is not mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "A 2-week history of two or more sleep disorder behaviors, occurring at least once weekly, as reported by the caregiver on the Sleep Disorder Inventory.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not include caregiver-reported sleep disorder behaviors or a Sleep Disorder Inventory."},
    {"Criterion": "CT or MRI since the onset of memory problems showing no more than one lacunar infarct in a non-strategic area and no clinical events suggestive of stroke or other intracranial disease since the CT or MRI.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention CT/MRI results related to memory problems or intracranial disease."},
    {"Criterion": "Physically acceptable for study as confirmed by medical history and exam, clinical laboratory results, and EKG.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's physical acceptability for the study is not explicitly confirmed in the description."},
    {"Criterion": "Actigraph evidence of a mean nocturnal sleep time of less than 7 hours per night (at least 5 nights of complete actigraph data must be collected over a single week.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention actigraph data or nocturnal sleep duration."},
    {"Criterion": "Stable home situation with no planned move during the 13-week investigational period.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's home situation and plans for the 13-week period are not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Residing with responsible spouse, family member, or professional caregiver who is present during the night and will agree to assume the role of the principal caregiver for the 13-week protocol...", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's living arrangement and caregiver details are not provided."},
    {"Criterion": "Ability to ingest oral medication and participate in all scheduled evaluations.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is currently taking oral metformin, indicating ability to ingest oral medication."},
    {"Criterion": "Six grades of education or work history sufficient to exclude mental retardation.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's education or work history is not described."},
    {"Criterion": "55 years of age or older.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score of 15 or less.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score is not mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Stable medication (dose and type) for non-excluded concurrent medical conditions for 4 weeks prior to the screening visit.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's medication stability for 4 weeks is not explicitly confirmed."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Sleep disturbance is acute (within the last 2 weeks).", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention acute sleep disturbance within the last 2 weeks."},
    {"Criterion": "Sleep disturbance is associated with an acute illness with delirium.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention delirium or acute illness-related sleep disturbance."},
    {"Criterion": "Clinically significant movement disorder that would interfere with the actigraph readings.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a movement disorder."},
    {"Criterion": "Not having a mobile upper extremity to which to attach an actigraph.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's upper extremity mobility is not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Severe agitation.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention agitation."},
    {"Criterion": "Pain syndrome affecting sleep.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention a pain syndrome affecting sleep."},
    {"Criterion": "Unstable medical condition.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient has chronic conditions (e.g., diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) but no indication of instability."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of investigational or unapproved medications within 4 weeks of the screening visit.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is not described as using investigational or unapproved medications."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient unwilling to maintain caffeine abstinence after 2:00 pm for the duration of the protocol.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's caffeine habits are not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Patient unwilling to comply with the maximum limit of two alcoholic drinks per day, and only one alcoholic drink after 6:00 pm for the duration of the protocol.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's alcohol consumption is not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Use of melatonin within 2 weeks of screening visit.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention melatonin use."},
    {"Criterion": "Clinically significant abnormal laboratory findings that have not been approved by the Project Director.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's laboratory findings are not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Residing in a facility without a consistent caregiver present during the night who can function as the primary informant.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's residence and caregiver situation are not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Caregiver deemed too unreliable to supervise the wearing of the actigraph, to maintain the sleep diary, or to bring the patient to the scheduled visits.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "The patient's caregiver reliability is not described."},
    {"Criterion": "Autoimmune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis and polymyalgia rheumatica.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's description does not mention autoimmune disease."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement (58 years) and ability to ingest oral medication. However, they do not meet the key inclusion criterion of a probable Alzheimer's diagnosis. Most other inclusion and exclusion criteria are unclear due to insufficient data.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}