<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess a patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one, using only the provided patient data.

Starting with the Inclusion Criteria. The first one is age at least 50. The patient is 58, so that's met. Next, the diagnosis of isolated systolic hypertension. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, coronary artery disease, and diabetes. The criteria mention systolic BP >150 and diastolic <90. The patient's BP isn't mentioned, so that's unclear. Then, baseline systolic BP >150. Again, no data, so unclear. LVH is excluded if wall thickness <1.2 cm. The patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy, which might indicate LVH, but the data doesn't specify wall thickness. So unclear. Informed consent is obtained, so that's met.

Now Exclusion Criteria. Age <50? No, he's 58. On antihypertensive therapy with dose changes in the last month? The patient is on metformin for diabetes, not antihypertensives. So not violated. HbA1c >9%? His HbA1c is 6.5-7.2, so not violated. Serum creatinine >1.7? Not mentioned, so unclear. History of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes? He has controlled diabetes, so not violated. Congestive heart failure? He has ischemic cardiomyopathy, which might be related, but the criteria specify CHF. The patient's history doesn't mention CHF, so maybe not violated. Stroke or TIA within 12 months? No mention, so not violated. MI within 6 months? He had MI at 55, but the current date isn't given. If the study entry is after 6 months, then not violated. ECG abnormalities? The patient has a history of MI and bypass, but no specific ECG issues listed. So maybe not violated. Significant systemic illnesses? He has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and a history of MI, but the criteria might consider these as not prohibitive. Liver function tests? His transaminases are mildly elevated, but the criteria say SGOT/SGPT >2x normal. Since it's mild, maybe not violated. Corticosteroids? He's not on them. Investigational drugs? No mention. Previous ALT-711? No. HIV or hepatitis? Not mentioned. Pregnancy? He's male, so irrelevant. Drug screen? Not mentioned. Tobacco or caffeine? He quit smoking at 45, so no current use. 

Wait, the patient has a history of MI and coronary artery disease. The exclusion criteria include history of MI within 6 months. But the patient had an MI at age 55, and the current age is 58. If the study entry is now, then it's been 3 years, so not within 6 months. So that's not violated. Also, the patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy, but the exclusion criteria mention congestive heart failure. The patient's condition might be related but not explicitly CHF. 

So for each criterion, I need to check if the data is present. For example, BP measurements are missing, so those are unclear. The LVH is unclear because the data doesn't specify wall thickness. The exclusion criteria about liver function tests: the patient has mild elevation, but the criteria say >2x normal. If the patient's levels are only mildly elevated, maybe not violated. But without exact numbers, it's unclear. 

Putting it all together, the patient meets some inclusion criteria, but others are unclear. Exclusions that are not violated. The final decision would be likely ineligible because of the history of MI and possible other factors, but need to check each point again.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men or women at least 50 years of age.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Screening diagnosis of isolated systolic hypertension, defined as systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements) and systolic blood pressure >140 mm Hg (measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring-mean daytime values).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No blood pressure measurements provided in patient description."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Baseline systolic blood pressure >150 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg (office blood pressure measurements).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No blood pressure measurements provided in patient description."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients without left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) as determined by limited echocardiography for LVH (i.e., wall thickness < 1.2 cm).", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy but no specific LVH wall thickness measurements provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patient can complete an informed consent.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Written informed consent has been obtained."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patient <50 years of age.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients on antihypertensive therapy with changes in dose in the last 1 month prior to the entry into the study.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient is on metformin for diabetes, not antihypertensives."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Hb A1c > 9%.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "HbA1c levels are 6.5%–7.2%."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Serum creatinine > 1.7mg/dL.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No serum creatinine values provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "History of ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes within the last 2 years.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Diabetes is controlled with HbA1c 6.5%–7.2%."}, 
    {"Criterion": "History of congestive heart failure.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of congestive heart failure in patient description."}, 
    {"Criterion": "History of stroke, or any sequelae of a transient ischemic attack, reversible ischemic neurologic defect, or stroke, within the last 12 months.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No history of stroke or TIA mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "History of acute myocardial infarction within 6 months prior to entry into the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient had MI at age 55; no specific timeline for study entry provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Any significant ECG abnormalities, including second degree AV-block or complete AV-block. Any known significant arrhythmia including atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, WPW-syndrome. Any hemodynamically significant valvular heart disease.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No specific ECG abnormalities or arrhythmias mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Any significant systemic illnesses or medical condition that could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and ischemic cardiomyopathy; unclear if these would impede protocol compliance."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Screening or Baseline liver function tests SGOT and/or SGPT > 2.0 times the upper limits of central laboratory normal range.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Mild hepatic transaminase elevation noted but no specific values provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Use of systemic and/or inhaled corticosteroids (excluding topical corticosteroids).", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No corticosteroid use mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Any additional condition(s), which in the investigator's opinion would prohibit the patient from completing the study, or not be in the best interest of the patient.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient has multiple comorbidities but no explicit exclusion by investigator stated."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Use of any investigational drugs within 30 days prior to screening.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No investigational drug use mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Previous exposure to ALT-711.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No prior exposure to ALT-711 mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Known seropositivity for HIV or hepatitis C, or presence of hepatitis B surface antigen.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of HIV or hepatitis seropositivity."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy or active breast-feeding. Female patients of childbearing potential (not postmenopausal for at least 5 years or surgically sterilized) must agree not to become pregnant during the duration of the study. Specifically, they must agree to use an appropriate contraceptive regimen.", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "Patient is male."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Positive drug screen.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No drug screen results provided."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Necessity to use tobacco or nicotine-containing products, or to consume caffeine-containing beverages and/or food, and/or alcohol after midnight prior to clinic visit days, until after any evaluations.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient quit smoking at age 45 and has no current tobacco or caffeine/alcohol use mentioned."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient meets age requirement and provides informed consent. Unclear data on blood pressure, LVH, and several exclusion criteria. History of myocardial infarction and comorbidities may impact eligibility.",
  "Final Decision": "Likely Ineligible (leaning toward exclusion)"
}