<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. Let me start by carefully reading the inclusion and exclusion criteria.

The inclusion criteria are: Men and women who were cigarette smokers and between the ages of 35 and 60. Wait, the patient is a 58-year-old male. So age is 58, which is over 60? Wait, the criteria say between 35 and 60. So 58 is within that range. But the patient quit smoking at age 45. The criteria say "were cigarette smokers"—does that mean current smokers or former smokers? The wording is a bit ambiguous. The patient has a 20-year history of smoking but quit at 45. So he was a smoker, but not currently. The criteria might be looking for current smokers, but the wording is "were," which could imply past smokers. However, the exact wording is "cigarette smokers" without specifying current. But the patient is no longer a smoker. So does that count as "were" smokers? That's a bit unclear. The patient is 58, which is within the age range. So age is met. But smoking status: he quit at 45, so he was a smoker at some point. But the trial might require current smokers. The criteria are a bit ambiguous here. So for the inclusion criteria, the age is met, but the smoking status might be unclear. Wait, the patient is a male, so gender is met. The age is 58, which is within 35-60. So age is met. The smoking history: the patient was a smoker (20 pack-years) but quit at 45. The inclusion criterion says "were cigarette smokers"—so if they were smokers at any point, then it's met. But maybe the trial requires current smokers. The wording is not clear. However, the patient is a former smoker. So if the trial requires current smokers, then this would be a problem. But the criteria don't specify current. So maybe "were" implies past. So the patient meets the smoking criterion. So both age and smoking are met. But I need to check the exact wording again. The inclusion criteria are "Men and women who were cigarette smokers and between the ages of 35 and 60." So the patient is a male, age 58, and was a smoker. So both criteria are met. So Inclusion criteria would be Met for both. Wait, but the patient is 58, which is within 35-60. So age is met. Smoking: he was a smoker. So that's met. So both inclusion criteria are met. 

Now, the exclusion criteria. The problem is that the user didn't provide any exclusion criteria. Wait, the input only has the inclusion criteria. Wait, the user provided the eligibility criteria as "Men and women who were cigarette smokers and between the ages of 35 and 60." So that's the only inclusion criteria. Are there any exclusion criteria? The user's input only includes the inclusion criteria. Wait, the user's input under "Eligibility Criteria" only lists the inclusion criteria. So there are no exclusion criteria listed. Therefore, the Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would be empty. But the JSON structure requires that. So in the response, the Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would have no entries. But the user's input might have missed that. Wait, the user's input says "Eligibility Criteria" and lists the inclusion criteria. So perhaps there are no exclusion criteria. Therefore, the Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would be an empty array. 

But the user's instructions say to assess both inclusion and exclusion criteria. However, in the given input, there are no exclusion criteria. So for the exclusion criteria, there are no criteria to evaluate. Therefore, the Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would be an empty array. 

So the final decision would be based on the inclusion criteria. The patient meets both criteria: age 58 (within 35-60) and was a smoker (20 pack-years, quit at 45). So the patient is eligible. 

But wait, the patient is 58, which is within the age range. The smoking status: the patient was a smoker, so "were" satisfies that. So both inclusion criteria are met. Therefore, the final decision is Eligible. 

But I need to check if there are any other factors. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, etc. But the eligibility criteria don't mention any of these. So those are not part of the criteria. Therefore, the patient meets the inclusion criteria. 

So the Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would have two entries: age and smoking. Both are Met. The Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation is empty. The Recap would mention that the patient meets the age and smoking criteria. The Final Decision is Eligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Men and women who were cigarette smokers", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is a male with a documented 20-year history of smoking (20 pack-years) prior to quitting at age 45."}, 
    {"Criterion": "between the ages of 35 and 60", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, which falls within the specified age range."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [],
  "Recap": "The patient meets both inclusion criteria: male gender, age 58, and history of cigarette smoking. No exclusion criteria were provided for evaluation.",
  "Final Decision": "Eligible"
}