<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess a patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one.

Starting with the inclusion criteria. The first one is about having 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia correctable to 20/20 with glasses or contacts. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about myopia, so that's unclear. Next, stability of myopia documented by previous records. Again, no info on myopia stability, so unclear. Then, age at least 21 and living in the metropolitan area. The patient is 58, so age is met. But the location isn't mentioned, so maybe unclear? Wait, the criteria say "lived in the metropolitan area of the study centers." Since the patient's location isn't specified, that's unclear. Then, agreeing to surgery on one eye and waiting a year for the other. The patient's description doesn't mention anything about surgery or eye procedures, so that's unclear. 

Now the exclusion criteria. Systemic diseases affecting corneal healing. The patient has a history of myocardial infarctions, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and other conditions. But does any of these affect corneal healing? The criteria mention systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing. The patient's conditions like diabetes and hypercholesterolemia could potentially affect healing, but the criteria specify "systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing." Since the patient has diabetes, which is known to affect wound healing, this might be a violation. But wait, the exclusion is for patients with such diseases. So if the patient has diabetes, which could affect corneal healing, then this exclusion criterion is violated. 

High corneal astigmatism is another exclusion. The patient's description doesn't mention corneal astigmatism, so that's unclear. 

So for inclusion criteria, most are unclear except age (met) and maybe the consent part. Wait, the consent is mentioned as obtained, so that's met. Wait, the inclusion criteria don't mention consent, but the exclusion criteria do. Wait, the inclusion criteria list "each patient agreed to have surgery on one eye..." So the patient must agree. The patient's description says written informed consent has been obtained, so that's met. 

Wait, let me recheck. The inclusion criteria include agreeing to have surgery on one eye and wait a year for the other. The patient's description says consent was obtained, but does that mean they agreed to the surgery? The consent is for the trial, but the trial's inclusion requires agreement to the surgery. The patient's description says "written informed consent has been obtained," which might imply agreement to the trial, but not necessarily the surgery. However, the trial's inclusion requires agreement to the surgery. Since the patient's description doesn't explicitly state that they agreed to the surgery, maybe that's unclear. Wait, the patient's description says "written informed consent has been obtained from the patient or their legal representative." The trial's inclusion requires agreement to the surgery. So if the consent is for the trial, which includes the surgery, then maybe that's met. But the problem is that the patient's description doesn't explicitly state that they agreed to the surgery. So maybe that's unclear. 

This is getting complicated. Let me go step by step. 

Inclusion criteria:

1. 2-8 diopters of simple myopia correctable to 20/20: Unclear (no data)
2. Stability of myopia documented: Unclear (no data)
3. Age ≥21 and metropolitan area: Age met, location unclear
4. Agreed to surgery on one eye and wait a year: Consent obtained, but does that mean agreement to the surgery? The trial's inclusion requires agreement to the surgery. The patient's consent is for the trial, which may include the surgery. But the patient's description doesn't explicitly state that they agreed to the surgery. So maybe this is unclear. However, the consent is for the trial, which would require agreement to the procedure. So maybe this is met. But the exact wording is "agreed to have surgery on one eye..." So if the patient's consent includes that, then it's met. But the patient's description doesn't specify. So maybe unclear. 

Exclusion criteria:

1. Systemic diseases affecting corneal healing: The patient has diabetes, which can affect healing. So this is violated.
2. High corneal astigmatism: No data, so unclear.

So the final decision would be ineligible because of the exclusion criterion related to systemic diseases. But wait, the exclusion is for patients with such diseases. The patient has diabetes, which is a systemic disease that could affect corneal healing. Therefore, this exclusion criterion is violated. So the patient is ineligible. 

But wait, the exclusion criteria are "patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing were excluded." The patient has diabetes, which is a known risk factor for delayed wound healing. Therefore, this exclusion criterion is violated. So the patient is excluded. 

So the final decision is Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "All men and women had 2 to 8 diopters of simple myopia and were correctable to 20/20 or better with glasses or contact lenses.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's description contains no information about refractive error, myopia, or visual acuity correction."}, 
    {"Criterion": "All patients had the stability of their myopia documented by previous records.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's description contains no information about myopia stability or prior records."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients were at least 21 years of age and lived in the metropolitan area of the study centers.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "Patient is 58 years old, meeting the age requirement; however, residence location is unspecified, but the criterion is met for age."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Each patient agreed to have surgery on one eye and to wait 1 year for surgery on the other eye.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's description confirms informed consent was obtained but does not explicitly state agreement to the specific surgical protocol."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Patients with systemic diseases that might affect corneal wound healing were excluded from the study.", "Classification": "Violated", "Justification": "Patient has diabetes mellitus type 2, a systemic disease known to impair corneal wound healing."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Patients with high corneal astigmatism were excluded from the study.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's description contains no information about corneal astigmatism."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient meets age requirement but lacks data on myopia, stability, and surgical agreement. Excluded due to diabetes mellitus type 2, which affects corneal healing.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}