<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess a patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one, using only the provided patient data.

Starting with the Inclusion Criteria. The first criterion is living in the US. The patient's description doesn't mention where he lives, so that's unclear. Next, understanding and writing English. The patient has given informed consent, which might imply he understands English, but the data doesn't explicitly state that. So maybe unclear. Access to a computer with email for 3 years—no info on that, so unclear. Age 18 or older: he's 58, so met. Seen a doctor for back pain in the past year? The patient's history is about heart issues, diabetes, etc. There's no mention of back pain or seeing a doctor for it. So that's not met. Wait, the inclusion criterion requires seeing a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year. The patient's description doesn't mention back pain at all. So that's not met. 

Now Exclusion Criteria. Pregnancy: no mention, so irrelevant. Back surgery in past 6 months? No, he had bypass surgery, which is cardiac, not back. So not violated. Expectation of back surgery in next 6 months? No. Back pain due to car accident or injury in last 6 months? No. Back pain from systemic disease? His back pain isn't mentioned, so irrelevant. Major physical or mental health condition limiting daily activities? He has diabetes and heart issues, but the criteria specify "currently being treated that severely limits daily activities." The patient's conditions are managed, and there's no mention of severe limitation. So not violated. Terminal illness? No. Disability or workers comp for back pain? No. Legal proceedings? No. Difficulty with bladder/bowel control from back pain? No. No visits to doctor for back pain in past year? Since he hasn't had back pain, this is not violated. Numbness in crotch from back pain? No. Age under 18? He's 58, so irrelevant.

Wait, but the patient's main issues are heart-related. The clinical trial is about back pain, right? So the inclusion criteria require back pain. Since the patient doesn't have back pain, he doesn't meet that. So the key points are: age met, but back pain criteria not met. Other criteria are unclear or irrelevant. So the final decision would be ineligible because he doesn't meet the back pain requirement. Let me check again. The inclusion criteria require seeing a doctor for back pain in the past year. The patient's description doesn't mention back pain, so that's not met. Therefore, the inclusion criteria are not met. Exclusion criteria: none apply except maybe the back pain related ones, but since he doesn't have back pain, those are irrelevant. So the final decision is ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Must live in the United States", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "Patient's residence is not explicitly stated in the provided data."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Must understand and write English", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "While informed consent was obtained, the patient's language proficiency is not explicitly documented."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Must have access to a computer with e-mail and expect to have this access for at least 3 years", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No information is provided about the patient's access to technology."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Must be 18 years old", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Must have seen a doctor for back pain at least once in the past year", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's medical history does not mention back pain or any doctor visits related to back pain."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Pregnancy", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is male and not pregnant."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Back surgery in the past 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient has no documented back surgery."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Expectation of having back surgery in the next 6 months", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of planned back surgery."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Back pain due to a car accident or other major injury within the last 6 months", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient has no documented back pain or injury."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Back pain or sciatica due to systemic disease (inflammatory rheumatic diseases, tumor, or other)", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient has no documented back pain or sciatica."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Major physical or mental health condition for which one is currently being treated that severely limits daily activities", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's conditions (diabetes, hypercholesterolemia) are managed without evidence of severe functional limitation."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Terminal illness", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's conditions are not terminal."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Receiving disability or workers compensation insurance payments for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of disability payments for back pain."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Presently involved in legal proceedings because of back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No legal proceedings related to back pain are mentioned."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Difficulty with bladder or bowel control that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of bladder/bowel dysfunction."}, 
    {"Criterion": "No visits to a doctor in the past year for back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient has no documented back pain or sciatica."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Numbness in crotch area that began with back pain or sciatica", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of crotch numbness."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Age under 18", "Classification": "Irrelevant", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient does not meet the inclusion criterion of having seen a doctor for back pain in the past year. No exclusion criteria are violated, but the absence of back pain-related history disqualifies eligibility.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}