<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one.

Starting with the Inclusion Criteria. The first criterion is "Healthy women 65 or older with a family history of memory problems not currently on estrogen." The patient is a 58-year-old male. So, gender and age are both not meeting the criteria. The trial requires women 65+, but the patient is male and younger. Also, the patient has a family history of cardiovascular issues, not memory problems. So, the inclusion criteria are not met here. 

Next, the Exclusion Criteria. The first exclusion is "Significant neurological impairment." The patient's description doesn't mention any neurological issues, so that's not violated. The second exclusion is "Current estrogen use." The patient isn't on estrogen, so that's not violated. The third exclusion is "History of breast cancer." The patient has no mention of breast cancer, so that's not violated either. 

Wait, but the patient is male. The inclusion criteria specify women, so even if he met other criteria, his gender would make him ineligible. Also, the exclusion criteria don't apply to him because they're about neurological issues, estrogen, and breast cancer, which he doesn't have. 

So, for Inclusion, all criteria are not met because of gender and age. For Exclusion, none are violated. The recap should note that the patient is male and under 65, and doesn't meet the inclusion criteria. The final decision would be Ineligible because he doesn't meet the inclusion criteria.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Healthy women 65 or older with a family history of memory problems not currently on estrogen", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "Patient is male, 58 years old, and has a family history of cardiovascular disease, not memory problems."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Significant neurological impairment", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No mention of neurological impairment in patient history."}, 
    {"Criterion": "Current estrogen use", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "Patient is male and not on estrogen therapy."}, 
    {"Criterion": "History of breast cancer", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No history of breast cancer documented."}
  ],
  "Recap": "Patient is male, under 65, lacks family history of memory problems, and does not meet inclusion criteria. No exclusion criteria violations identified.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}