<think>
Okay, let's tackle this. The user wants me to assess the patient's eligibility for a clinical trial based on the given criteria. First, I need to go through each inclusion and exclusion criterion one by one.

Starting with the Inclusion Criteria. The first criterion is age at least 21. The patient is 58, so that's met. Next, the diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV. The patient description doesn't mention BPPV at all. So that's unclear because there's no data. Third, functional normal range of motion for neck and back. The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and had bypass surgery, but there's no mention of neck or back issues. So maybe unclear here too? Wait, the patient's description doesn't talk about range of motion, so that's unclear. 

Now the Exclusion Criteria. First, history of prior ear surgery or BPPV treatment. The patient has no mention of ear surgery or BPPV treatment, so not violated. Second, orthopedic or connective tissue disorder affecting neck or trunk motion. The patient's issues are cardiovascular, not orthopedic. So not violated. Third, significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage. No mention of that, so not violated. Fourth, on vestibular suppressant medications. The patient is on metformin and has a history of statins, but no mention of vestibular meds. So not violated. Fifth, Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas. Again, no mention, so not violated. 

Wait, but the patient's main issues are cardiovascular. None of the exclusion criteria relate to that. So all exclusion criteria are not violated. 

So for inclusion, age is met, BPPV is unclear, range of motion is unclear. So the patient might not meet the BPPV requirement. But since the BPPV is unclear, maybe the patient isn't eligible. But the other inclusion criteria are met. However, since BPPV is a required inclusion, and it's unclear, the patient can't be confirmed. 

So the final decision would be Ineligible because the key inclusion criterion (BPPV diagnosis) is unclear. But wait, the patient's description doesn't mention BPPV at all. So the inclusion criterion for BPPV is not met. Wait, the inclusion says "have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV". The patient's description doesn't mention this, so that's Not Met. Wait, but the patient's data doesn't say they have BPPV. So that's Not Met. So the inclusion criteria would be: age met, BPPV Not Met, range of motion Unclear. So since one of the inclusion criteria is Not Met, the patient is not eligible. 

Wait, but the user said to evaluate each criterion individually. So for the BPPV, since it's not mentioned, it's Not Met. So the patient doesn't meet that. Therefore, the inclusion criteria are not all met. So the final decision would be Ineligible. 

But wait, the patient's description doesn't mention BPPV, so the inclusion criterion for BPPV is Not Met. So the patient is not eligible. So the final decision is Ineligible. 

But let me check again. The inclusion criteria require BPPV. The patient's data doesn't mention it, so that's Not Met. So even if other criteria are met, the BPPV is a required inclusion. So the patient is not eligible. 

So the Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation would have:

- Age: Met
- BPPV: Not Met
- Range of motion: Unclear (since no data)

Exclusion criteria all Not Violated. 

So the Recap would mention that the patient doesn't meet the BPPV diagnosis and has unclear range of motion. But since BPPV is a required inclusion, the patient is ineligible. 

Final Decision: Ineligible.
</think>

{
  "Inclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Are at least 21 years old.", "Classification": "Met", "Justification": "The patient is 58 years old, satisfying the age requirement."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a diagnosis of unilateral posterior semicircular canal BPPV according to established clinical test criteria.", "Classification": "Not Met", "Justification": "The patient's description contains no mention of BPPV diagnosis or related clinical findings."},
    {"Criterion": "Have functional to normal range of motion of the neck and the back.", "Classification": "Unclear", "Justification": "No data is provided regarding neck or back range of motion."}
  ],
  "Exclusion_Criteria_Evaluation": [
    {"Criterion": "Have a history of prior ear surgery or prior treatment for BPPV.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of ear surgery or BPPV treatment in the patient's history."},
    {"Criterion": "Have an orthopedic or connective tissue disorder that impairs functional neck or trunk range of motion.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient's medical history does not mention orthopedic/connective tissue disorders."},
    {"Criterion": "Have a significant neurological disorder or spinal cord damage.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No neurological disorders or spinal cord damage are documented."},
    {"Criterion": "Are on vestibular suppressant medications.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "The patient is on metformin and statins, but no vestibular suppressants are mentioned."},
    {"Criterion": "Have Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas.", "Classification": "Not Violated", "Justification": "No evidence of Meniere's disease or acoustic neuromas in the patient's history."}
  ],
  "Recap": "The patient meets the age requirement but lacks documentation of BPPV diagnosis. Functional range of motion is unclear. No exclusion criteria are violated.",
  "Final Decision": "Ineligible"
}